TEN Best Things To Say When Caught Sleeping At Your Desk

10. "They told me at the blood bank this might happen."

9.  "This is just a 15 minute power-nap like they raved about in the time
     management course you sent me to."

8.  "Whew!  Guess I left the top off the tippex.  You probably got here
     just in time."

7.  "I wasn't sleeping!  I was meditating on the mission statement and
     envisioning a new paradigm."

6.  "I was testing my keyboard for drool resistance."

5.  "I was doing a highly specific Yoga exercise to relieve work-related
     stress.  Are you discriminatory toward people who practice Yoga?"

4.  "Blast!  Why did you interrupt me?  I had almost figured out a
     solution to our biggest problem."

3.  "The coffee machine is broken."

2.  "Someone must have put decaf in the wrong pot."

AND THE number 1 BEST THING TO SAY IF YOU GET CAUGHT SLEEPING AT YOUR
DESK...

1.  ".....in Jesus' name.  Amen."

                           101 WAYS TO ANNOY PEOPLE

   As an expert on the art of annoying and irritating others, I have
   endeavored to compile a list of methods I have developed, used,or read
   about, with which to annoy people. Some are very simple, some take
   preparation, some are very old, some are new. At least 1/4 of them are
   guaranteed to annoy your victim. Have fun!


    1. Put your face really close to theirs while they're facing a
       different direction, tap them on the shoulder, and watch them jump
       when they turn to face you.

    2. Copy their actions and everything they say.

    3. Step on the backs of their heels while they're walking.

    4. Yell across a crowded room to them: "Hey, John, the results came
       back from the V.D. clinic: we're clean!"

    5. In a communal shower or shower house, turn the hot water all the
       way up and the cold water all the way down (or vice versa) while
       they're rinsing the shampoo out of their hair and can't see
       anything. Or, when you're finished showering, go outside and turn
       the main valve off.

    6. Pretend you don't understand what they're saying, no matter how
       much they yell and how slowly they say it.

    7. When somebody asks, "Hey, did you get a haircut?" reply, "No, all
       of them."

    8. When somebody asks, "Do you have the time?" reply, "Yeah."

    9. If you have a dot matrix printer, leave the little computer paper
       tracks on the paper when turning in a report or essay.

   10. Ask an artist, "It's not finished yet, is it?"

   11. On a summer day, ask anybody, "Hot enuff for ya?"(NOTE: Proper
       response to this question is to hit offender in the face and ask,
       "Hurt enough for you?")

   12. Sign someone up on a junk mail list.

   13. Go into a frozen yogurt joint where they have lots of toppings.
       Order a cup, and say to the guy, in the most annoying tone
       imaginable, "Do you have M&M's? Yeah? Good. How 'bout raisins?
       Yeah, and sprinkles. Do you have cookie crumbs?" After he has
       proceeded to put them on the yogurt, exclaim, "I hate cookie
       crumbs. They make me sick. I can't even smell them, that's how
       much I hate them. Aagh, yuck!" Watch the salesperson fume as he is
       forced to throw away the entire cup.

   14. Walk into a store that has a sign that says, "Have a penny? Give a
       penny! Need a penny? Take a penny!" with a HUGE jar of pennies.
       Take a penny out of the cup, put it into your jar, and walk out.

   15. Pull up alongside somebody while driving on the freeway, and
       gesture violently, indicating that they should pull over
       immediately. When they pull over, just continue driving.

   16. Take a pencil, stick a piece of chewed gum onto it, and stick it
       to the ground. Then wait for some cheap-o to come along and try to
       pick it up.

   17. Play 'Penis.'

   18. While standing next to someone, unobtrusively reach your arm
       around their back, and tap them on the opposite shoulder.

   19. Tell someone, "Okay, here's what you do: bite down on both your
       pinky nails really hard for about thirty seconds, and then when I
       tell you that time is up, link your pinkies and pull really hard."
       If they ask, "Why?" tell them that it feels really neat. If done
       correctly, this trick should cause excruciating pain.

   20. Engage someone in a conversation, and have a friend sneak up
       behind them, and get down on his hands and knees. Then, all of a
       sudden, violently push the person to whom you are talking, and
       laugh with sadistic glee as they tumble backwards over the person
       kneeling behind them.

   21. Tell someone, "Man, your hands smell bad!" When they try to smell
       their hand, smack it so it hits their face. This one can also be
       performed with a piece of pie. When they lean down to smell the
       pie, grab the back of their head and smoosh it into the pie.

   22. After somebody finishes telling a joke, say in a very grave tone,
       "My brother (sister/mother/father) died that way."

   23. Walk up behind somebody wearing a button down shirt or a short
       sleeved collar shirt, insert your finger into the little strip of
       fabric sewn across the top just below the collar, yell "FAG TAG!"
       at the top of your lungs, and rip it off.

   24. Give somebody a grundy.

   25. Pinch a guy's nipple. You may also pinch a girl's nipple if you
       please, but this falls under '101 Ways to Sexually Harass People.'

   26. Leave the following message on someone's answering machine: "Sir,
       we're not sure if you wanted us to do it, you know, after what
       happened, so, well, we went ahead and did it anyway. If you don't
       like it, we can probably take it out, but we'll have to charge you
       extra. Please return this call immediately. Thanks."

   27. Tell somebody that's wearing velcro shoes or slip-ons that their
       shoelaces are untied.

   28. Tell lots of puns.

   29. Be a Jew for Jesus.

   30. Give somebody a Wet Willy.

   31. Turn on somebody's radio up all the way and turn their windshield
       wipers on while the car is off.

   32. Take a stick of gum out of it's paper and foil wrapper, then
       carefully re-fold the foil wrapper and stick it back into the
       paper wrapper. Offer this to someone as a stick of gum.

   33. Pay for a tube of toothpaste with a check at the supermarket.

   34. On the bus, try to engage somebody in a conversation about genital
       warts.

   35. Delete somebody's AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS files.

   36. When walking behind someone outside, pull up a long piece of
       grass, and gently tickle them behind the ear with it. The first
       time, they'll try to brush it away. The second time they'll swat
       at it, and smack themselves. Generally, the third time they turn
       around and look behind themselves.

   37. Take a wire, and stick it all the way through a cigar or
       cigarette. Let the ash get really long, and pretend you don't
       notice everybody staring at it, waiting for it to fall.

   38. When they're about half way through with it, remove one piece from
       the box of a jigsaw puzzle, and throw it away.

   39. Hide the remote control.

   40. Call a house at random, and ask for Gary. When they tell you that
       there's no Gary there, call again a little while later. Do this at
       intervals about four times. Finally, when they're fuming and about
       to scream bloody murder, call a fifth time, and say, "Hi, this is
       Gary. Are there any messages for me?"

   41. Take a deck of cards, and say, "Okay, I'm gonna do a magic trick."
       Ask the person to pick any card, and put it anywhere in the deck.
       After they have shuffled the deck thoroughly, take the deck back.
       Ask, "What was your card?" When they tell you, say, "Not only has
       your card magically come to the top of the deck, but it has also
       magically turned into..." Pick up the top card, look at it, and
       name it.

   42. When somebody is talking very excitedly at a restaurant, pick up
       their plate, hand it to them, and nod gravely. Wait for them to
       notice and wonder why they are holding their plate.

   43. Exclaim in a crowded theater, "No, I won't touch you there for a
       dollar! No, not two dollars, either!"

   44. Approach somebody quietly from behind, grab them, and scream,
       "Booga booga!" or any other such exclamation loudly. This works
       extremely well on high strung people.

   45. Be chronically late. Not really late, but always be about five or
       seven minutes late. This really gets anal retentive people. I
       know.

   46. Shave with someone elses razor. For some reason, a lot of people
       are really touchy about that. Once again, I know.


   47. Once again at a restaurant, one with a candle in the middle of the
       table, while someone is up before the food has come, take their
       plate, hold the bottom rim over the candle, and rotate it so you
       get a lot of soot on the bottom of the plate. When they come back,
       say, "I'm going to hypnotize you. Pick up your plate in your left
       hand, and with your right hand, copy all my actions." Proceed to
       rub your index finger around the bottom rim of your plate, and in
       a circle on your forehead. Then around the rim, and each of your
       eyes. Keep going, with different parts of the face, until they
       notice.

   48. Cut out an article or section of the newspaper before someone else
       has had a chance to read it.

   49. Send a letter with twenty-nine one cent stamps.

   50. Go into a locker room with a pocket knife, and cut off all the
       shoelaces that are hanging out of the lockers.

   51. When someone asks, "Are there any questions?" ask, "Where do
       babies come from?" This is one of my favorites.

   52. Step on someone's feet, and push them backwards.

   53. Take their hat.

   54. Grab a book that someone is reading, open it to the last page, and
       read this out loud.

   55. When riding shotgun in a convertible, surreptitiously reach over
       and put up just the rear windows. In a convertible, this looks
       REALLY stupid.

   56. Take an envelope, fill it with baking powder or flour,and send it
       to somebody.

   57. At a fast food restaurant, push down the bubbles on the drink tops
       of everybody's drink.

   58. Crack all your knuckles. A lot of people can't stand fingers, and
       I know some people who have almost fainted upon the cracking of
       the neck.

   59. Sing, "I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves, I know a
       song that gets on everybody's nerves..." over and over again to
       the tune of the first two lines of The Battle Hymn of the
       Republic.

   60. Pay for an item at a store with all pennies.

   61. When you're out of the house all night for a weekend, leave your
       clock-radio on for it's normal wake-up time of about 6:30 or 7:30,
       and turn the volume up.

   62. At a red light, put your car in gear and creep slowly forward,
       while gesturing to the person in the car next to you that they
       must be rolling backwards.

   63. Drive with your brights on just to see how many people flash their
       lights at you.

   64. Tailgating can be one of the most effective forms of annoyance
       know to man.

   65. Walk up to someone you know, and say something to the effect of,
       "Hey, did you hear what happened to Jim? Well he was with...oh,
       man, I really shouldn't tell you this. No, I promised I wouldn't
       tell. No, I can't tell you, sorry."


   66. When they are out of their room, move everything they own to a
       different location.

   67. Change all the preset stations on their car radio tuner to
       classical and country/western stations.

   68. Slurp your soup or your breakfast cereal.

   69. Tap the person on the shoulder continuously, and when you have
       their attention, just continue tapping them on the shoulder.

   70. At a movie theater, unwrap a candy bar as loudly as is humanly
       possible, preferably during dialogue.

   71. At a public library, get a book which hasn't been checked out yet,
       and slip it into somebody's book bag when they're not looking.

   72. Take off the letters one of those sign boards that have the
       removable letters. Spell rude things with them.

   73. Answer the phone "Domino's Pizza, how can I help you?" at someone
       else's house. Or at your own house, if you really want.

   74. At night, rearrange somebody's furniture. At the very least,
       they'll be surprised when they get up in the morning. But, better
       yet, call them in the middle of the night, so they have to get up,
       and stumble over a chair that wasn't there before.

   75. Many telephone answering machines have two digit passwords for
       retrieving messages and that kind of thing, and often times, the
       default on many models is 25, which people don't bother to change.
       This is an excellent way to hack answering machines, or, if this
       doesn't work, it's not that hard to try all 100 combinations.
       Regardless, once you've hacked the machine, a fun thing to do is
       to change the message. This is supremely annoying.

   76. Call a credit card company and report somebody's card as missing.
       Next time they try to use it, they'll have it confiscated and cut
       into little bitty pieces.

   77. Take all the labels off of their video tapes.

   78. There are a myriad of non-harmful but incredibly annoying computer
       viruses, such as Red-X, Cascade, Heeva Havah, Whale, and more.
       Their effects vary, and they can be a pain in the butt to remove
       from one's hard drive.

   79. An old but still great and incredibly useful annoyance technique
       is the age old, tried and true 'Kick Me' sign on the back. A
       classic.

   80. Write taunting messages at random places in an assignment notebook
       or executive planner.

   81. Another classic is to get about three other people in on a joke
       that has no meaning at all, and tell it with those three people
       and the victim in the room. All the people 'in' on the joke laugh,
       and the victim doesn't get it. When he asks, say, "Oh, never mind.
       If you don't get it, it's not worth explaining. My favorite is, "A
       hippo and a penguin are taking a bath together. The hippo says,
       'Pass the soap,' and the penguin says, 'No soap. Radio!'"

   82. Yet another age old family of annoying jokes are as follows:
       "Would you happen to have a henway on you?" "A henway? What's a
       henway?" "About three pounds."

   83. Talk to the characters in a television show, like yelling out
       loud, "Don't go in there! The bad guys are in there!"

   84. When you take a shower, leave the shower/bath valve on shower.

   85. Women hate it when men leave the toilet seat up.

   86. During an exam, tap your foot on the floor continuously. This
       works very well on linoleum, especially if you can find a part of
       the floor where the linoleum is coming loose, and it makes a very
       loud sound.

   87. Be a street mime.

   88. Remove the doorstop from hallway doors. Or better yet, if you have
       the time and the motivation, take out the screw that holds the two
       'arms' of the spring closer together.

   89. Write poetry for a school newspaper or publication.

   90. For women: ask your friends, "Do I look fat to you?"

   91. Put a lubricated condom on somebody's door knob.

   92. Go out behind somebody's house at night, and find the box marked
       "Illinois Bell Customer Service," or whatever state you live in.
       Open this up using a flat head screwdriver, and attach a wire
       across the green and red wires. This will leave the phone off
       hook, and once the too-long-off-hook signal starts going, the
       person will be forced to go to another's house to use the phone to
       call Ma Bell so they can figure out is going on.

   93. Put a dead fish in somebody's trunk. Works best during the summer.

   94. Take a chalkboard eraser and insert a piece of chalk into, so that
       when somebody goes to erase the board, they leave a chalk mark.

   95. At a restaurant, have the victim place both his hands on the table
       palms down. Balance a glass of water on the back of each hand. The
       person is now trapped, unable to remove either glass without help.
       (Actually, there is a solution: place your chin against one glass,
       and using that to hold it steady, remove the other glass.)

   96. A similar 'trap' is to have a person stick their forefinger and
       thumb through the space on the hinged side of an open door, just
       above the top hinge. Put an egg between their fingers and ask them
       to hold it. Then, take their hat and put it on the floor
       underneath the egg.
   97. Take a paper or styrofoam cup, and punch a small hole in it near
       the base. Grasp the cup, with your thumb over the hole, and fill
       it with water. Now, casually walk up to someone, and ask them to
       hold the cup.

   98. Take a bungee cord like the kind used to tie a car hood down, and
       while someone is sitting in a chair in front of you, carefully and
       quietly hook one end to their belt loop, and the other to the
       chair leg or underside. If they are sitting on a plastic chair,
       the chair will spring up when they stand up, and fall over, making
       a loud clatter. Better yet, though, if they're sitting near a wall
       fixture, just attach them to that.

   99. Shake up somebody's can of soda before they drink it.

   100. Loosen the tops on the salt and pepper shakers at a restaurant.

   101. Take a cheap ball point pen, and bend it sharply to break open
       the ink well, or open the pen up and cut the ink well open. Lend
       this pen to somebody.

 
    30 Fun Things to do When Driving (author unkown)
---------------------------------------------------------
 
   1. Vary your vehicle's speed inversely with the speed limit.
   2. Roll down your windows and blast talk radio. Attempt to headbang.
   3. At stop lights, eye the person in the next car suspiciously. With a
      look of fear, lock your doors.
   4. Two words: Chicken suit.
   5. Write the words "Help me" on your back window in red paint. The more
      it looks like blood, the better.
   6. Have conversations, looking periodically at the passenger seat, when
      driving alone.
   7. Laugh a lot. A whole lot.
   8. Stop at the green lights.
   9. Go at the red ones.
  10. Occasionally wave a stuffed animal/troll doll/Barbie out your window
      or sunroof. Feel free to make it dance.
  11. Eat food that requires silverware.
  12. Pass cars, then drive very slowly.
  13. Sing without having the radio on.
  14. Honk frequently without motivation.
  15. Wave at people often. If they wave back, offer an angry look and an
      obscene gesture.
  16. Ask people for Grey Poupon.
  17. Let pedestrians know who's boss.
  18. Look behind you frequently, with a very paranoid look.
  19. Restart your car at every stop light.
  20. Hang numerous car-fresheners in the rear-view mirror. Talk to them,
      stroking them lovingly.
  21. Lob burning things in the windows of smokers who throw their butts out
      the window.
  22. While stopped at a light, urinate out the window/sunroof onto other cars.
  23. Paint your car with occult symbols.
  24. Keep at least five cats in the car.
  25. Have some passengers in the back who are having wild, noisy sex.
  26. Root (cheer, not snuffle in the mud) for firetrucks.
  27. Stop and collect roadkill.
  28. Stop and pray to roadkill.
  29. Throw Spam.
  30. Get in the fast lane and gradually ... slow ... down ... to a stop.
      Then get out and watch the cars. Throw Spam at them.
 


Dec. 14, 1995

My Dearest Peter,
The cute little partridge arrived a little while ago, and the pear 
tree sapling came a little while later. I'm not sure of the
connection, but I love them.

Love always,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec 15, 1995

Dearest Peter,
Today the postman brought your very sweet gift. Just imagine, two 
turtle doves. I'm just delighted at your thoughtful gift. They are 
adorable.

All my love,=20
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 16, 1995

Dearest Peter,

Aren't you the extravagent one. Now, I really must protest. I don't
deserve such generosity, three French hens. They are just darling, but
I must insist, you are too kind.

Love,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec 17, 1995

Dearest Peter,
Today the postman delivered four calling birds. Now really, they are
quite beautiful, but don't you think enough is enough? You are being
too romantic.

Affectionately,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 18, 1995

Dearest Peter,
What a surprise! Today the postman delivered five golden rings - one
for each finger. You are just impossible, but I love it. Frankly, all
those birds squawking were beginning to get on my nerves.

All my love,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 19, 1995

Dear Peter,
When I opened the door, there were actually six geese-a-laying on my
front step. So your back to the birds again, huh? These geese are
huge! Where will I keep them? The neighbors are complaining and I
can't get any sleep through all the racket. Please stop.

Cordially,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec 20, 1995

Pete,
What is it with you and those fucking birds? Seven swans-a-swimming. 
What kind of god-damned joke is this? There is bird shit all over my
house, and they never stop with the racket. I can't sleep at night and
I'm a nervous wreck. It's not funny, so stop with those fucking birds.

Sincerely,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 21, 1995

O.K. Buster,
I think I prefer the birds. What the hell am I going to do with 
eight maids-a-milking? It's not enough with all those birds and eight
maids-a-milking, but they brought along their goddamned cows. There is
shit all over my lawn, and I can't move around in my own house.

Just lay off me,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec. 22, 1995

Hey Shithead,
What are you? Some kind of sadist? Now there's nine pipers playing,
and do they play. They've never stopped chasing those maids since they
got here. The cows are getting upset and they're stepping all over
those screeching birds. What am I going to do? The neighbors have
started a petition to evict me.

You'll get yours,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 23, 1995

You Rotten Prick,
Now there are ten ladies dancing. I don't know why they call these 
sluts ladies. They've been balling those pipers all night long. Now
the cows can't sleep and they've got diarrhea. My living room is a
river of shit.  The Commissioner of Buildings has subpeoned me to give
cause why the building shouldn't be condemned. I'm siccing the police
in you.

One who means it!

- - - - - - -

Dec. 24, 1995

Listen Fuckhead,
What's with the eleven lords-a-leaping on those maids and ladies. 
Some of those broads will never walk again. Those pipers ran through
the maids and are committing sodomy with the cows. All 23 of the birds
are dead. They've been trampled to death in the orgy. I hope you're
satisfied you rotten bastard.

Your sworn enemy.
- - - - - - -

Dec. 26, 1995

Dear Sir,
This is to acknowledge your latest gift of twelve drummers drumming,
which you have seen fit to inflict upon our client, Miss Dori
Drawers.The destruction, of course, was total. All further
correspondence should come to our attention. If you should attempt to
reach Miss Drawers at the Happy Dale Sanitarium, the attendants have
instructions to shoot you on sight. With this letter, please find a
warrant for your arrest.

The Top 25 Rejected Children's Books
25  The Boy Who Died From Eating All His Vegetables
24  The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and Are Shot Dead
23  Nancy Drew, The Hardy Boys, and The Vice Squad
22  Daddy Loses His Job and Finds the Bottle
21  Clifford the Big Red Dog Is Put To Sleep
20  Where in the New York Area is Jimmy Hoffa?
19  The Unabomber Pop-Up Manifesto and Coloring Book      
18  The Frog Formerly Known as Prince      
17  Alice in WonderBraLand      
16  The Legend of Three-Card Monte
15  40 Whacks: Counting With Lizzie
14  The Little Engine That Could, If Only That Damned Gout Would Go Away      13  Girls Are From Venus, Boys Are From Cootieland
12  Where the Wildings Are      
11  The Little Big Book of Necrophelia
10  The J. Edgar Hoover Dress-Up Book
9  Joe Camel and The Magic Cancer Stick        
8  The Crack House at Pooh Corner
7  The Dummy's Guide to Crying
6  When Mommy Leaves Daddy, And What You Did to Cause It       
5  Where's Waldo's Weewee?
4  The Dyslexic's Big Anagram Book
3  Barney's Bleeding and Nobody Can Help
2  Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will              
and the Number One Rejected Children's Book...
1 Furious George Delivers the Mail

??



 




 Although red is the most common color of rose given, there are many colors
 with their own special meanings. The most common are:
 
    A PINK ROSE says "I like you."
 
    A WHITE ROSE says "Let's be friends."
 
 Some of the lesser-known colors are:
 
    A YELLOW ROSE says "I'm from Texas. Wanna go roll in some hay?"
 
    An ORANGE ROSE says "I would be honored if you'd accompany me
     to the annual Halloween dance and dinner at the local VFW."
 
    A PLAID ROSE says "Let's spend a romantic evening in my basement
     eating Cheez Doodles and playing "Toss Across."
 
    A MAUVE ROSE means "I want to redecorate your apartment."
 
    A CLEAR ROSE says "Meet me by the concession stand at the NIN
     concert in a half an hour my little railroad spike of love."
 
    A FLORESCENT GREEN ROSE means "I'm so glad Cyndi Lauper has a
     comeback album!"
 
    A FLASHING YELLOW ROSE means "Proceed with caution."
 
    A GOLD ROSE says "I just made my fortune advertising O.J.
     t-shirts behind Robert Shapiro on CNBC. Wanna go out for
     chili-dogs?"
 
    A BLACK ROSE says "I'm sorry. I accidentally ran over your dog
     as it was lying asleep in your driveway. I sincerely hope this
     has no effect on our relationship as I would, in all likeli-
     hood never find another woman to date as long as I live. Due
     to my little acne problem. And the warts. Oh, who am I
     kidding? You couldn't possibly be attracted to a guy like me.
     It's the money, isn't it? Well, you can have all eleven
     million. I'll just be lying on the sidewalk in front of my
     12-story apartment building until the fine officers come and
     scrape my lifeless sack of bones from the bloodied pavement.
     Burn in hell, you bittttttt---"
 
    A PURPLE ROSE says "I like you a great deal, but my son is
     the heir to the throne and my mother, the Queen, probably
     thinks you're a slut. Not that we can't meet in this hotel
     room once a week.
 
 (compiled by doug carroll and kyria crowley)
 

 
       The top 50 things to do or say when you wake up to your roommate
                  having sex.
 
  50.  (the obvious)  "Ooooooo"
  49.  "That would work better the other way around.."
  48.  Sniff. Sniff.  "Is something burning?"
  47.  "Damn, that's complicated."
  46.  "Wait, wait, use my pillow."
  45.  "Alright already, _I_came."
  44.  "You guys need a value pak."
  43.  Smoke a pipe.  Every once in a while wave it around and say "Good
      show, old bean."
  42.  "Is that sperm or a mudpack?"
  41.  "You've got something stuck in your teeth."
  40.  "4 out of 5 dentists say that's bad for your enamel."
  39.  Go to the fridge, break open a cold one and pick up the remote.
      Point and click.  Complain when they don't change positions.
  38.  "You know, they say that three's a charm."
  37.  Suggest your favorite position.
  36.  Shine a flashlight on them and say, "This is a citizen's arrest,
      assume the position."
  35.  "Bring in the Gimp."
  34.  "Hold that pose."
  33.  Sit up in your bed, bounce vigorously, clapping and squealing with joy.
  32.  Start signing Meatloaf's "Paradise by the Dashboard Light."
  31.  Sing "Shake your bootie."
  30.  "A little to the left."
  29.  "Is that a penis in your girlfriend or are you just happy to see me?" 
  28.  "Is there room for two in there?"
  27.  "Two words: penis extension."
  26.  Invite others in as a cheering section.
  25.  Charge admission at the door.
  24.  Make and hold up score cards.
  23.  All of them should read 6.9.
  22.  Whip out a pen a paper and take notes.
  21.  "Maybe it would help if you.."
  20.  "That's what you call erect?"
  19.  "That reminds me of a joke I heard.."
  18.  "Let the chicken go, he had nothing to do with it!"
  17.  Hold up two bags and say, "Paper or plasic?"
  16.  Roll over, grunt and say, "I'd rather be fishing."
  15.  "Use the Heimlich;  she's got something stuck in her throat."
  14.  "May I cut in?"
  13.  "That's illegal in Arkansas."
  12.  "Holy whips and chains, Batman."
  11.  Scream at the top of your lungs.  If they ask what's wrong, explain
      that you thought you were having a nightmare.
  10.  Take pictures.  Explain that it was a Kodak moment.
  9.   Recite quotes from Condom Month like "Pack your weaner before you
      bean her" and "Wrap your packer before you wack her."
  8.   "MMM- that looks good, I think I'll try some, too."
  7.   "Let's make a sandwich."
  6.   "Is that hard enough for you?"
  5.   "I'm going to the water fountain.  Can I get you anything?"
  4.   "I think you dropped something."
  3.   "Do you like to eat at the Y?"
  2.   Pick up your camcorder and say "How much do you think they would
      pay to see this on Pay-Per-View?"
  1.  "How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop??"
 
  


 
 The Washington Post: Sunday May 14, 1995, Final Edition
 
 Report from Week 110, in which we asked you to come up with absurd
 warning labels for common products.  We loved one particular entry
 for its wonderful idiocy:
 
 On a cardboard windshield sun shade:  "Warning: Do Not Drive With Sun
 Shield in Place."  We were going to make it a winner, until we discovered
 that it wasn't made up.
 
 Fourth Runner-Up -- On an infant's bathtub:  Do not throw baby out with
 bath water. (Gary Dawson, Arlington)
 
 Third Runner-Up -- On a package of Fisherman's Friend(R) throat lozenges:
 Not meant as substitute for human companionship.  (Tom Witte, Gaithersburg)
 
 First Runner-Up -- On a roll of Life Savers:  Not for use as a flotation
 device. (Jean Sorensen, Herndon)
 
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
 Honorable Mentions
 
 On a Pentium chip:  If this product exhibits errors, the manufacturer will
 replace it for a $2 shipping and a $3 handling charge, for a total of
 $4.97.  (Russell Beland, Springfield)
 
 On a refrigerator:  Refrigerate after opening.  (Cissie J. Owen, Leesburg)
 
 On a disposable razor:  Do not use this product during an earthquake. (Jim
 Gaffney, Manassas)
 
 On a handgun:  Not recommended for use as a nutcracker.  (Art Grinath,
 Takoma Park)
 
 On pantyhose:  Not to be used in the commission of a felony.  (Judith
 Daniel, Washington)
 
 On a piano:  Harmful or fatal if swallowed.  (Peter Fay, Herndon)
 
 On a can of Fix-a-Flat:  Not to be used for breast augmentation. (Jerry
 Robin, Gaithersburg)
 
 On Kevorkian's suicide machine:  This product uses carbon monoxide, which
 has been found to cause cancer in laboratory rats.  (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)
 
 On Lyndon LaRouche literature:  Mr. LaRouche is a serious political figure
 and not a paranoid lunatic, and should therefore -- Hey, what are you looking
 at? Quit staring at me.  (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)
 
 On work gloves:  For best results, do not leave at crime scene. (Ken
 Krattenmaker, Landover Hills)
 
 On a palm sander:  Not to be used to sand palms.  (Patrick G. White,
 Taneytown)
 
 On a calendar:  Use of term "Sunday" for reference only. No meteorological
 warranties express or implied.  (Elden Carnahan, Laurel)
 
 On Odor Eaters:  Do not eat.  (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)
 
 On Sen. Bob Dole:  WARNING: Contents under pressure and may explode. (Doug
 Keim, Schaumburg, Ill. )
 
 On a blender:  Not for use as an aquarium.  (Gary Dawson, Arlington)
 
 On syrup of ipecac:  Caution: May cause vomiting.  (Paul Styrene, Olney)
 
 On a revolving door:  Passenger compartments for individual use only.
 (Elden Carnahan, Laurel)
 
 On a microscope:  Objects are smaller and less alarming than they appear.
 (J. Calvin Smith, Laurel)
 
 On children's alphabet blocks:  Letters may be used to construct words,
 phrases and sentences that may be deemed offensive.  (David Handelsman,
 Charlottesville)
 
 On a wet suit:  Capacity, 1.  (J. Calvin Smith, Laurel)
 
 And Last:  On The Washington Post:  Do not cut up and use for blackmail
 note. (Joseph Romm, Washington).
 


*****WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)
                Complete List



[1] The category is "Looney Tunes"
     The answer is "Wicker Box"
     What is the question?
     What Elmer Fudd would like to do to Cindy Crawford.


[2]  4 G'S of SEX
      1. Get it up.
      2. Get it in.
      3. Get it off.
      4. Get it out.


[3]  Q: What do you call three lawyers up to their necks in shit?
       A: Not enough shit!


[4]  Q: Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
       A: He only comes once a year, and that's down a chimney.


[5]  Hillary Clinton shaved all of the hair off of her pussyto prove a minor 
    point to the league of women.  She was giving a speech, pulled up her
    skirt and said "read my lips , no more bush".


[6]  Two conceited people having sex.
    her : Tight, aren't I?
    him : No, just full.


[7]  This guy walks into a psychiatrist's office with a duck on his head.
    The psychiatrist asks, "How can I help you?"
    The duck answers, "Can you get this guy off my ass?"



[8]   Q: What's the best way to avoid rape?
        A: Say yes.



[9]
One day a mother duck, a baby duck, a mother skunk, and a baby skunk were standing at the edge of the road.  The mothers were going to teach the children how to cross the road safely.  The mothers would go first and once the kids saw how it was done, they would join them on the other side.  The mothers looked both ways and when all seemed clear they started to cross.  Suddenly, from around the bend came a truck and ........SPLAAAAAT!!!... the mothers were killed.  After seeing such a tragedy, the baby duck



 started to cry.  The baby skunk asked, "What are you crying for?".  The baby duck said, "Well, my mother was teaching me how to cross the road and got killed and I don't even know what I am".  The skunk replied, "It's obvious, you've got feathers, a bill and webbed feet... you're a duck".  After awhile, the skunk started to cry.  The duck asked, "What are you crying for?".  The skunk said, "Well, my mother was teaching me how to cross the road and she was killed and I don't know what I am".  The baby duck



 replied, "Well, it's obvious, you're half black, half white and you stink......you're a Puerto Rican!!!!".  


[10] Q: How do you make a nymphomaniac lose all interest in sex?
       A: marry her


[11] Q: Why do Men marry women???
       A: Sheep can't cook 


[12] Q: Why do women have vagina's?
       A: So men will talk to them


[13] Q: How do you make a woman scream twice?
       A: Fuck her in the ass and wipe your dick off on her curtains.


[14] Q:  What's the fastest speed a woman can go?
       A:  68; at 69, she blows a rod.


[15] 
Little Johnny having heard the word "vagina" for the first time goes up to
his dad and says "What's a vagina daddy?". His dad takes him by the hand and
brings him into the bedroom where he whips out the latest Playboy centerfold. He
circles the woman's vagina and says "This, Johnny, is a vagina!". The next day
little Johnny walks up to his dad and asks "What's a cunt daddy?". Again,
daddy grabs Johnny by the hand, brings him into the bedroom and shows him the
same Playboy centerfold. "Remember what a vagina was?", dad says pointing to the
circled portion of the picture, "Well the cunt is everything else".


[16] Q: Which is the odd one out? T.V., Fridge, Washing Machine, Woman.
      A: The T.V. The other three leak when they're fucked!


[17] Q: Which is the odd one out? Wife, system, meat, blowjob
       A: Well, you can beat your wife, you can beat the system, and you can
        always beat your meat, but NOTHING beats a blowjob!


[18] 
This guy goes into a Pharmacy to buy some condoms.  The Pharmacist says
"Which do you want? The two-pack, six-pack or twelve-pack?"
The guy says "I don't know; what's the difference?"
The Pharmacist says "Well, teenagers usually buy the two-pack; one for Friday
and one for Saturday.  College students will buy the six-pack; one for Monday,
one for Tuesday, one for Wednesday, one for Thursday, one for Friday and one
for Saturday.And then there is your married couples who buy the twelve pack;
one for January, one for February, one for March........."


[19] 
Guy walks into a drug store and buys a box of condoms.
The lady at the counter rings it up and says, "that's one
dollar for the condoms and eight cents tax."  "TACKS," he replies.
" I thought you rolled them on."


[20] 
Pierre, a french fighter pilot, takes his girlfriend, Marie out
for a pleasant little picnic by the river Seine. It's a beautiful day 
and love is in the air so Marie leans over to Pierre and says:
"Pierre, kiss me!".
So our hero grabs a bottle of red wine and splashes it on Marie's lips.
"What are you doing, Pierre?" Shrieks Marie.
"Well, my name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I have red
meat I like to have red wine!"
His answer is good enough for Marie and things begin to heat up. So she
says : "Pierre, kiss me lower."
    Our hero rips off her blouse, grabs a bottle of white wine and 
starts pouring it all over her tits.
"Pierre, what are you doing?"
"My name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I have white meat
I like to have white wine!"
    They resume their passionate interlude and things really steam up.
Marie leans over once more and softly whispers into his ear:
"Pierre, kiss me lower."
    Pierre tears off her underwear, grabs a bottle of Cognac and 
sprinkles it all over her bush. He grabs a match and light it on fire.
Patting the flames out furiously, Marie screams:
"PIERRE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!?"
"My name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I go down, I go down in
Flames!"


[21] 
    A woman could never get her husband to do anything around the house. He would come home from work, sit in front of the tv, eat dinner, and sit some more--would never do those little household repairs that most husbands take care of. This frustrated the woman quite a bit.
    One day the toilet stopped up. When her husband got home, she said sweetly, "Honey, the toilet is clogged. Would you look at it?"
    Her husband snarled, "What do I look like? The tidy-bowl man?" and sat down on the sofa.
    The next day, the garbage disposal wouldn't work. When her husband got home, she said, very nicely, "Honey, the disposal won't work. Would you try to fix it for me?"
    Once again, he growled, "What do I look like? Mr. Plumber?"
    The next day, the washing machine was on the blink. When her husband got home, she steeled her courage and said, "Honey, the washer isn't running. Would you check on it?" 
    And again was met with a snarl, "What do I look like? The Maytag repairman?"
    Finally, she had had enough. The next morning, the woman called three repairmen to fix the toilet, the garbage disposal, and the washer. When her husband got home, she said, "Honey, I had the repairmen out today."
    He frowned, "Well, how much is that going to cost?"
    "Well, honey, they all said I could pay them by baking them a cake or having
sex with them."
    "Well, what kind of cakes did you bake them?" he asked.
She smiled. "What do I look like? Betty Crocker?"


[22]
Jesus is preaching to a mob which is about to stone a whore.  He says to the
group:
    "Let he who is whithout sin cast the first stone."
This ancient looking woman hobbes up and with what seems like her last ounce of strength, picks up a large rock which had been resting by the whore.  She raises the rock over her head and just bashes 
the hell out of the whore.  Jesus turns to the old woman and says:

   "Sometimes you realy piss me off, mom."



[23]
Hymie is new to the country, and goes to see about getting a commission house.  The government guy looks at him and says, "Can I have your name please?", to which Hymie says (strangely enough) "Hymie". "And what is your religion?" "I'M Jewish".  "I'm very sorry, but we can't help you"
Hymie is pissed off.  He visits his friend Isaac and tells him his problem.
I: "Did you tell him you are Jewish"
H: "He asked my religion, of course I told him I'm Jewish"
I: "Dont tell them your Jewish - tell them your Catholic"
So Hymie goes back the next day to try again.
H: "I'd like to get a commission house"
GG: "Certainly.  What is your name sir?"
H: "My name is Hymie"
GG: "And what is your religion?"
H: "I'm a CAtholic"
GG:"With a name like Hymie?"
H: "Yes, my father was Jewish"
GG:"Well, I just have to ask you a few questions.  Can you name our Lord the Saviour?:
H: "that's Jesus Christ"
GG:"And the name of his mother?"
H: "Mary, and his father's name was Joseph"
GG:"And where was Jesus born?"
H: "In a stable in Bethlehem."
GG:"And why was he born in a stable?"
H: "BECAUSE HE WAS JEWISH, AND COULDN'T GET A COMMISSION HOUSE!!!!"


[24]
For a long time, Mary had a fantasy of making love with a black man.
One night, when she was in a bar, she met a handsome black who appeared
to be well-hung, so she figured, what the hell, she'd go for it.  So Mary asked the fellow to come home with her.  When the two got to Mary's apartment, Mary told the black about her fantasy, and asked if he would be a part of it.  Well, the black, of course, agreed, so the two headed for Mary's bedroom.  When they got there, Mary said, "Ok, first, I want you to undress me and tie me to the bed!"  So the black did so.  By this time, Mary was worked into a passionate frenzy.  She looked up at the black and 



said, "Now, big boy, do what you do best!"

So the black picked up her VCR and left.


[25] Q: What's better than a 69?
       A: A 77 because you get ate more...:

[26] Q:  What's 69 * 69?
       A:  Dinner for four.

[27] Q:  What's a 68?
       A:  You suck my dick and I'll owe you one.

[28] Q:  What's the square root of 69?
       A:  eight something.


[29]
This couple is out on their first date at a movie, after they end up back at the guy's apartment.  After no time at all, they are all over each other and eventually end up in his bed fucking.  When the guy is on top, he notices that every time he thrusts into her, he sees her toes curl up, and when he pulls out, the toes straighten up.  He thinks that this is strange, but like most men in that position, he just keeps on doing what he is best at.
    He keeps on fucking her until he explodes inside her.  After, while they are lying together on the bed, he asks her:
    "Why is it that every time I go inside you, your toes curl up?"
She laughs and says,
    "Oh, that's what happens when I leave my pantyhose on!"


[30]
There once was a king who was very good to his people.  The king
loved his poeple so much, he buiilt a glass house to live in rather than
a castle.  That way he could see his people without even going outside! 
Thep people really loved their king and every year they bought him a new
throne to show there appreciation.  The king, not wanting to offend his
people, didn't want to throw out the old thrones each year, so he stowed
them in his attck where his people couls see them.
    Well, one year, the king stowed one to many thrones in his attack. 
The house collapsed and killed the king.
    What's the moral of the story?

POEPLE WHO LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES, SHOULDN'T STOW THRONES!


[31]
    One day, a teacher, during an english class, decides to give the class a letter and they must give her a word starting with this letter.
    "OK, class, give me a word starting with S."
    "Shit!" says a boy in the back.
Embarrased, the teacher still goes on.
Then, the director passes by the classroom, and decides to check the quality of the courses. Panicking, the teacher decides to still ask about a word, excluding any letter that may lead to a curse word by this boy at the back.
    "Class, give me a word starting with the letter r."
    "Rat!" says the boy.
The teacher, happy, turns to the director, smiling.
    The boy adds:  "A big fuckin rat, with a dick this big!"


[32]
The teacher was going through the class, seeing if the 1st graders could say a three sylable word, then use it in a sentence.  She is very reluctant to call on little johnny, because he's always swearing, so she calls on everyone else. 
They say things like "Beautiful.  My teacher is beautiful" and "Talented.  My teacher is talented."  Finally, only Johnny is left.  "Ok Johnny," she sighs,
"what is your word?"  Johnny smiles and says "Urinate!"  The teacher gasps
"What?" 
 "Urinate, but if your tits were bigger, you'd be a ten!"


[33]
The teacher asked Mary "What sound does a cat make?"
Mary said "A cat says meow, meow."

Then the teacher asked Billy "What sound does a cow make?"
Billy said "A cow goes mooo, mooo."

Then the teacher asks Johnny (he is black in this joke),
"What sound does a pig make?"
Johnny says "A pig says FREEZE NIGGER!!"


[34]
So, the Proctologist is at work, seeing his first patient of the day.
He says, "Nurse, give me a light".
And, a few seconds later, she hands him a can of beer.
The Doctor says, "What's that, I wanted a light".
To which the nurse responds, "I thought you said you wanted a light. That's
a Bud Lite".
And, the Doctor says, "No, I wanted a butt light".


[35] Q:  Did you hear about the gay bank robber?
       A:  He tied the safe and blew the tellers.


[36]
Two hill-billies see a dog licking himself.
The first one says "Gee I wish I could do that."
And the other one says "You better try just pettin' him first"


[37] Q: What is the difference between a whore and a bitch?
       A:  A whore will fuck anybody, and a bith will fuck anybody but you


[38] Q: What's the difference between a slut, a whore and a house wife?
       A: A slut does it for anybody, a whore does it for money, and a house 
        wife does it for major appliences.


[39] 
A black guy finds a lamp and (what else?) rubs it.  Out comes the genie and
grants him a wish.  The guy says,
    "I want to be white, out-o-sight, and be surrounded by pussy."
 So the genie turns him into a tampon...


[40]
This guy decides he's going to play a little joke on his wife one day. As she
steps out of the shower, he grabs one of her tits and says "If you firmed these up a bit, you wouldn't have to keep using your bra." He laughs and laughs.  The next morning, he again catches her as she finishes her shower and grabs her ass and says "If you firmed this up a bit, you wouldn't have to keep using your girdle." Again he laughs and laughs, while his wife plots her revenge.  The next morning as _he_ steps out of the shower, his wife grabbed his dick and says, "If you firmed THIS up a bit, I would



n't have to keep using your brother."


[41]
This really tough Hells-Angel type bursts into a bar and strides upto the
middle of the bar. He orders a beer, gulps it down, turns to the people at
the left end of the bar and growls "All you down there... You're all a bunch
of queer cocksuckers!" he gulps down a second beer and turns to the right
side of the bar. "You're all a bunch of stupid motherfuckers."  All is still for a moment untill a guy at the right end gets up. The Hells Angel says "Where the fuck you going?" the guy says "I'm at the wrong end
of the bar."


[42]
This guy had a parrot as a pet.  Now, as all parrots do, this one talks.  But,
it had the habit of, when the guy has a girl over and turns off the lights,
screaming "Somebody's gonna get screwed!  Somebody's gonna get screwed!"  This guy gets incredibly pissed, and decides that he should get a female parrot to keep his quiet.  So, he goes to the pet store.  But the store only has a female Owl.  Good enough, he thinks, and brings this Owl home for the parrot.
   Later on, he brings another girl back, and proceeds to make the move.  The lights go off, and the parrot starts screaming "Somebody's gonna get screwed!  Somebody's gonna get screwed!".  The owl, getting excited, starts screaming "Whoooo!  Whooooo!".  The parrot turns to the owl, and says "Not YOU, you flat-faced bitch!"


[43]
There was an Irish man lying in a ditch, all bloody and beaten up.
When tha policemen finally found him after lying there for a while,
they asked him.
    "Can you describe who did this to you?"
The poor Irish guy answers: "that's what I was doing when he hit me!"


[44]
A pollock goes to Germany because he wants to drive on the Autobahn.  On the radio he hears:  "Motorists on the autobahn be careful, a car is driving on the wrong side of the road."  The pollock says; "ONE!?!"  "There's Hundreds".


[45]
A chinese man marries a black woman and all is well for a time.  And, as such things happen, they eventually are going to have a baby.
The woman's time comes, and as she is taken into the operating room, she
calls he husband over and says to him:
 (W) "Honey, there's something I really have to tell you."
 (H) "Can't this wait" says the husband.
 (W) "No".  "There is as a very old tradition in black
    families that the oldest living male *always* gets to name any new
    children born to anyone in the family.  That means my brother must  name our children.  I know this comes as a shock, but I couldn't tell 
    you earlier, because I didn't want to upset you."
 (H) "But, but..." sputters the husband "I *know* your brother.  There's no
    question but that he'll screw this up!"
 (W) "I'm sorry, but that's the way it has to be."
Time is getting short, and not wanting to upset his wife any further, the
husband finally relents.  The blessed time comes, and to every one's
surprise the mother gives birth to a set of healthy, beautiful twins, a boy
and a girl.  The father is of course delighted, but his happiness is
tempered by the question he knows he must ask his wife.  Finally, he can
put it off no longer.
 (H) "Alrigh, what did your brother name our daughter?"
 (W) "Denise" 
 (H) "Oh". "That's a pretty name.  Perhaps this won't be so bad after all.      What did he name our son?"
 (W) "Denephew"


[46]
This guy and this girl are rampantly having sex.  During a lull in the
passion, the guy asks the girl to turn over.
        "Why?" asks the girl.
    "Because I want to try something different," says the guy.
        "That's perverted!" says the girl.
        "What did you say?" asks the guy.
        "I said that's perverted".
        "I'm sorry, I'm not quite sure I heard properly - what did you say?"
        "I said that's perverted".
        "Shit," says the guy, "that's a big word for a five year-old".


[47]
Making the right compliment in the right situation isn't always easy.  Here are a few suggestions:
- You have the most beautiful eyes.  They shine like the headlights of a 
    1956 Chevy.
- I love your cooking.  It's so good you should become a cook at McDonalds.
- It is such a pleasure to dance with you.  I can hardly feel the weight of 
    your 180 lb. body.
- How well shaped your teeth are.  Please take them out and let me have a 
    look.
- What a beautiful symmetrical face you have.  Who is your plastic 
    surgeon?
- That is a nice ring on your finger.  Is it so well made that one would think 
    it was real?
- I like your dress.  At which second hand store did you buy it?
- What nice little ears you have.  When was the last time you cleaned 
    them?
- You look great today.  How many hours did you have to spend infront of 
    the mirror?


[48]
 Three engineering students were gathered together discussing the possible
designers of the human body.
   One:   "It was a mechanical engineer.  Just look at all the joints."
   Two:   "No, it was an electrical engineer.  The nervous system has
    many thousands of electrical connections."
   Three: "Actually it was a civil engineer.  Who else would run a
    toxic waste pipeline through a recreational area?"


[49] Q. What should you do if you see a herd of elephants coming over the 
    hill.
       A. Start swimming.


[50] Q: Did you know that an elephant's sex organs are in it's feet?
       A: They really are, because if he steps on you you're fucked.







 
*****WARNING*****
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)

[51] Confidence is when your wife catches you in bed with another woman, and you slap her on the ass and say, "You're next!"


[52]
HERE'S TO THE GIRLS THAT WE LOVE THE BEST..
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE EAST AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE WEST
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE NORTH, WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE SOUTH
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE REAR AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE MOUTH
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM HIGH, WE'LL FUCK 'EM LOW,
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM FAST AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM SLOW.
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM STANDIN', WE'LL FUCK 'EM LYIN',
    AND IF THEY COULD FLY WE'D FUCK 'EM FLYIN.
    
AND WHEN THEY'RE DEAD AND LONG FORGOTTEN....
    WE'LL DIG 'EM UP AND FUCK 'EM ROTTEN.


[53]
A drunk was sitting at a bus stop one afternoon watching a young man walking up to attractive ladies and propositioning them. As the young man comes near the drunk hears the guy say " Tickle your ass with a feather?" to the chick sitting in front of him. When the girl turns to the guy with  an incredulous look on her face and asks "WHAT DID YOU SAY?", the guy says "Typically nasty weather," the woman thinks she misunderstood him and turns back to her newspaper.  After watching the guy do this for a while, 



the drunk motions him over and slurs," Hey buddy, waddya doin'". the young guy says" If you want to pick up chicks, you walk up to them and say 'Tickle your ass with a feather?", and if the chick says yes  then you're in for an exciting evening. But if she says no, then you say "typically nasty weather" and she thinks she just midunderstood what you said and no harm is done." So the drunk thinks this is a great idea and decides to try it out. He spots the most beautiful woman on the bus,walks up to her, an



d says " Wanna Fuck?!" the chick turns around, slaps his face, and says "WHAT?!" to which the drunk replies "Looks like rain!"



[54]
A old Japanese man walks into the Opthamologist (is that right?) office 
for an exam.  "I have bad news for you," the doctor says.  "You have a cataract."
"Oh, no," says the japanses guy, "Rincoln Continental!"


[55] 
This guy finally gets this girl to fuck him, so, as he's disrobing, the girl 
points at his 3-incher and says "And, just who do you expect to satisfy with THAT?"
The guy grins, and says "Me!"


[56]
This guy walks up to a whorehouse, and knocks on the door.  A small panel
opens up, and a woman's voice says "Yeah, waddya want?" 
   "I wanna get fucked," the guy says, "and someone told me this is the 
    place to go." 
   "$50," the voice says, and he hands it through the panel, which then shuts. 
15 minutes later the guy pounds on the door. 
   "Yeah, waddya want?"
    He says "I wanna get fucked!"  The voice says
    "What? Again?"


[57]
This girl went out one night with her boyfriend.  Needing a place to 
fuck, they had to settle on an old graveyard.  Unfortunately for her, 
she spent the time with a fallen headstone stuck in her back.  The next
morning, she woke up with back pains, so went to the doctor.  "You're
fine," he said, "but how old are you anyway?"  "Just 18," she says, "Why?"
"Well," he said, "it says on your ass you died in 1902."


[58] Q: What's white and falls from the sky?
       A: The coming of the Lord.


[59] Q: What's black and falls from the sky?
       A: Holy shit.


[60]
This guy walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender. He hands him a $20 bill and asks for 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender lines up the ten shots, and to his surprise the man shots them all one right agter the other. The bartender asks "What`s the celebration."  The man replies "My first blow job", "Well," say the bartender "how's about one more on the house?"  
"No if 10 shots won't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."


[61] Q. Why does it take women longer to come than men?
       A. Who cares!!


[62] Q. Why can't a woman with PMT change a lightbulb
       A. Cuzshebloodyfuckingcan't!


[63]
Every weekend, Billy Bob, who weighed 260 pounds, would get drunk and go looking for trouble.  He would start fights and beat up anyone he disliked.  One night, the owner of a bar he frequented got fed up with this and locked a huge, ugly gorilla in the backroom.  When Billy Bob busted in and threatened everyone, the owner said, "Billy, there's someone in the back room who says he can whip you."  Billy Bob kicked down the door and went in.  For the next five minutes all that could be heard was screaming, p



ounding, rattling and yelling.  Finally, Billy Bob walked out, wiping his forehead and dragging the gorilla behind him.  "Whew!!  Put a black guy in a mink coat, and the bastard thinks he's King Kong!!"


[64]
Miss Smith has just had a baby, but sadly, there were complications and she couldn't see the baby immedeatly, so she was left, all on her own, wordering whether it's a boy or a girl.
    Suddenly, the doctor walks in holding a bundle of clothes.
"Miss Smith, congratulations, you have given birth to baby boy. He weighs 
3lbs 5oz [*]."
Miss Smith responds delightedly:  "A boy - can a hold him?"
"Sure...Here catch."
With that, the doctor throw the baby in the air and kicked it towards
Miss Smith.  The baby landed on the bed, bounced, and flew out of the window. There  was an audible squeltch as it hit the ground.
"You bastard, you've killed my baby."
"April fools!!! The little fucker was already dead!!"


[65] Q: What is grey and comes in quarts?
       A: An elephant


[66] Q: Why did God create men?
       A: Because you can't teach a vibrator to mow the lawn.


[67]
One evening, this guy was walking through the upstairs of his house when he hears his young son saying his Bedtime Prayers: "God bless Mommy, God Bless Daddy, Gob Bless Grandma, God Bless Grandpa, Goodbye Uncle Ed."
"Goodbye Uncle Ed?", thought the guy, "What could the kid have meant by
that?"  Well the next day, they got a phone call; seems old Uncle Ed up and took a heart attack.  Killed him deader than hell. "Hmm... " thought the guy. "How about that."
A few months later, the guy hears his son praying again: "God bless Mommy, God bless Daddy, God bless Grandma, Goodbye Grandpa."  Sure enough, the next day Grandpa was crossing the street when he got hit by a bus.  Never knew what hit him.  "Well," said our hero, "This kid is two for two."
A few weeks later he hears the kid a third time: "God bless Mommy, God bless Grandma, Goodbye Daddy."  They guy is alarmed! "Oh my God! This is it! I'm finished! It is the end of the line! The fat lady has sung! It's all over!"
So he went to bed that night, but didn't sleep too well.  The next morning
he looks out the window and sees the sun coming up on a beautiful day and says "Ah, what the Hell, might as well go out in a blaze of glory."
He hops in his car, tears down the street a 90 miles per hour, running over
a motorcycle cop along the way.  He goes into his office, empties all his
desk drawers on the floor, throws papers everywhere, goes in and cusses out his boss and pinches the secretary on the ass as he walks out the door.
Then he goes down to the local bar, orders a round for the house, and
procedes to get schnockered.
Well, three o'clock in the afternoon rolls around, and he is still there.
At four o'clock he orders another drink and waits.  At five o'clock he
starts to panic.  "What am I going to do?  I'm in trouble with the cops, I
don't have a job, and I've got this $1000 bar tab.  Let's hurry up and get
this over with!"
Finally at six o'clock, he gets in his car and slowly drives home.  He goes
into his house and plops himself down on the couch.  His wife walks in, and
he says "Honey, I had a really bad day."  His wife says "You think you had
a bad day?  I went outside this morning and found the mailman dead on the front porch!"


[68] Q: What's better than roses on a piano
       A: Tulips on my organ.


[69]  A FAIRY TALE

A prince of very high stature was wandering through the lands.  After this
wandering for several days, he was very tired and decided to stop and
rest.  He came upon a castle and went in to ask the king for shelter and
a bed.  Upon  discovering that this traveler was a great prince, the king
offered him the choice of one of his daughters.  One wore no shirt and one
wore no skirts.  Which one did the prince pick?
He picked the king....This is a FAIRY tale!


[70]
Pinocchio complains to Gepetto, "I'm not having any success with the girls.
They all complain about splinters."
Gepetto: "Take some sandpaper and smooth it down, then you'll have no more problems."
A few days later Gepetto asks, "Are you having more success with the girls?"  Pinocchio replies, "Who needs girls?"


[71]
A man walks into the bathroom and starts speaking:  "Son! How many times have I told you not to do that?  Stop it! If you keep doing that, you'll go blind!" 
The son replies:  "I'm over here, Dad."


[72]
This guy was out golfing one day and accidently (he majorly OB'd) hit a golf ball into a patch of buttercups.  So instead of hacking away at the buttercups, he decides to pick up the ball and throw it on to the fairway.  All of sudden, mother nature appears...
(MN): That was very nice of you to not destroy those beautiful buttercups.
   (G): Why thank you.
(MN):  Because you were so kind, I am going to reward you with an infinite 
    supply of butter.
   (G):  You mean to tell me that because I was kind to the buttercups, you 
    are rewarding with and endless amount of butter?
(MN):  That is correct.
   (G):  Where were you yesterday when I hit the ball into the 
    pussywillows!


[73]
So there's this punk and a nun riding on a bus. The nun has the most
beautiful face so the punk gets the idea the he wants to fuck her. The punk
walks up and says 
    "Hey baby how about you and me go fuck" 
The nun is terribly offended and replies 
    "I am saving my body for the Lord". 
So the punk walks away. The next day he gets on the bus and what do you know the nun is sitting in the same seat. So he approaches her again saying 
    "Common babe let me give you a rim job" 
She in once again offended and replies 
    "I am saving my body for Christ". 
So he walks up to the bus driver and asks him if he knew anything about the nun because he wants to fuck her. The bus driver replies 
    "Yeah, she rides this bus everyday and I happen to know for a fact 
    that she prays in the graveyard every night at 11:30. If you show up 
    when she is there and pretend that you are God you might get 
    lucky.". 
So that night he shows up at the gravwyard and sure enough there sits a figure in the distance. He walks up and says 
    "I am the Lord, fuck me now and you shall have everlasting life." 
She replies 
    "OK I'll do it but I'm on the rag so you¥re going to have to fuck me in 
    the ass." 
So the punk spits on his dickand gets it going. He is pumping back and forth having a great time. He leans over and says 
    "I'm not the Lord I'm that punk from the bus" 
    "Oh yeah, and I'm the bus driver"


[74] Q: What is the definition of jock strap ?
       A: Under the butt nut hut.


[76] Q: What did the horse say when he broke his leg?
       A: "I've fallen! And I can't giddy-up!"


[77]
Three vampires go into a bar. The bartender says "What'll it be, fellas?"
- The first vampire says "I'll have a glass of blood."
- The second vampire says "I'll have a glass of blood, too."
- The third vampire says "I'll just have a glass of plasma."
The bartender says "OK, that'll be two bloods and a blood-lite."


[79] Q: What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a Chinese?
       A: A car thief who can't drive.


[80]
A very religious man has been saving for years and years planning to go to the Vatican to hear the Pope give mass.  He is there in the middle of a huge crowd when the Pope walks down the street.  He watches the Pope come up to a derelict and whisper in his ear and then walk to church.  The man is amazed that someone of such grace and splendor would talk to such a dirty, poor man.
    The second day the same thing happens.  The Pope walks down the street and stops at the same derelict, whispers in his ear and walks to church.  The man is amazed again.  He wants to hear this for himself so he pays the derelict 10 bucks to take his place.
    The next day the Pope came walking down the street and approached the man.  The man became the happiest he's ever been anticipating having a conversation with the Pope.  The Pope leans over to him and says, "I thought I told you to get the fuck outta here!"


[81]
Two rabbits are sitting in a garden eating carrots and one turns to
the other and says, "My, aren't these carrots just yummy?"
The other rabbit replies, "Well, actually this carrot tastes a bit pithy to
me"...and the other rabbit says, "that's probably because I Pithed on it!!"


[82]
This tiger walks into a bar, and goes up to the bartender, and tries
to order a beer.  The bartender says, "Sorry, but we don't serve tigers here."  
    Upon hearing this, the tiger gets pretty frustrated. He says, "You
see that lady over there on the bar stool? If you don't serve me a beer, I'll
just walk over there and eat her."  
    The bartender sneers at the tiger, but ignores him. So the tiger walks over to the lady, and as he said he would do, attacked her and had himself a fresh supper.  The tiger walks back to the bar and says to the bartender, "Now, I'd hate to do the same thing again, so gimme that beer I want!"  
    At this remark, the bartender gets upset and says, "Now listen, We don't serve tigers here, and we ESPECIALLY don't serve drug addicts!"  The tiger looks at him puzzled, and says "but I'm not a drug addict."
    The bartender says to him, "Oh yeah? Well how do you explain what you did over there? That was a barbituate!" (bar bitch you ate, duh)


[83]
A West Virginia couple was in bed on their wedding night, and were about to have sex.  She said, "Be careful, I am a virgin."  Having never been with a virgin before, the young became very nervous.  He decided that he would have to call his father for advice.  After telling his father that his wife was a virgin and asking advice, his father told him, "Well, you better come on home.  If she ain't good enough for her own family, she sure ain't good enough for ours."


[84]
There were three daughters all living with their father.  He was the
kind of person who was very protective, and he didn't like young men. 
One evening, all three of the girls got dates for the same night, and
no matter how much he argued with them, their father couldn't convince
them to stay at home.  Around 6:30 the doorbell rang and the father
went to open it.  He got out his .12 gauge shotgun, flung open the door
and yelled "Waddaya want!"  
    The boy standing on the door was very nervous as he said "Well...
my name is Freddie, and I'm here for Betty.  We're going to eat
spaghetti, so is she ready?"  The father called Betty and they drove
off.  Aroung 6:45 the doorbell rang again.  The father flung open the
door and yelled as he had done before.  "Well... my name is Jo and I'm
hre for Flo.  We're going to the show, so is she ready to go?"  Flo
came running down the stairs and they drove off.  Around 7:00 the
doorbell rang again.  The door was opened and the boy started to talk: 
"Hi, I'm Chuck - "  *BANG* 


[85] Q: What's the definition of a nice old woman?
       A: Someone who takes her teeth out before she goes down on you!


[86]
A truck driver is going down the road and sees a hitchhiker.  He decides
to pick him up.  The hitchhiker is about to get into the cab and starts
looking around, he sees a refrigerator, radios, etc, and a monkey.  The
hitchhiker says, "These new cabs have everything."  The trucker driver
says, "Watch this."  He backhands the monkey.  The monkey goes flying
back, hits the back of the cab, gets up, dusts himself off, and starts
blowing the truck driver.  The truck driver says, "hey, you wanna try it?"
The hirchhiker says, "Sure, but you don't have to hit me as hard."


[87]
This Brit goes to Las Vegas for the 1st time.  He decides to celebrate by 
getting some GREAT U.S. sex.  He asks around for the best whore in town.  
He follows directions, and up the stairs is this most beautiful lady.  He 
asks "How much is a hand job?".  She replies $400.  He thinks that is 
pretty much, but agrees.  She proceeds to give him the best hand job 
ever.  Next night, he returns.  "How much for a blow job?", he asks.  
$2,000, she rsponds.  He agrees and has the absolutely best bj ever.  The 
next night he returns and asks how much for straight sex.  She replies "I 
can't do that".  He says PLEASE???  How much??  She says "No.. I can't do 
that".  He doesn't understand.  He asks "why not?"..  She tells him to 
come to the window.  He does.  She pulls back the curtain and waves her 
hand at the parking lot, and asks "Do you see all those Caddilacs?".. He 
says yes.  She says "All those Caddys are from BJs".  She waves her hand 
at the other side of the parking lot,and asks "Do you see those 
Mercedes?" He says yes.  "Those were from hand jobs", she said.  Then she 
waved her hand at the horizon and asked "Do you see all those big 
hotels?"  He nodded and said yes.  "Well", she said, "If I were a woman 
those would all be mine".


[88] Q: What's a definition of self destruction?
     A: An epileptic leper.



[89] Q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
       A: Just two, but they're hard to stuff in there.


[90]
These three guys were checking into a lodge but the clerk says they have to share a bed because the lodge is totally booked except for a double bed, so being really tired they take it.  Next morning the guy on the left says "Man, I had the weirdest dream. I dreamt I was jacking off."
Guy on the right says "You too?"
Guy in the middle says "You people are sick. I had a normal dream. I dreamt I went skiing."


[91]
"This has been a test of the emergency broadcast system.
If this had been an actual emergency
you would have been blown to shit by now."


[92] Q: What do you get when you cross a Black and a Polack?
      A: Someone who spray paints chain-link fences.


[93]
There's this Polack who's treking across the desert. He's got all the supplies, water etc but after a while in the desert he gets an unstoppable urge to boink. He thinks awhile, then makes the camel sit down, and tries desperately to boink it, but the tail keeps coming in the way. 
    Just at that time a gorgeous babe wanders that way, and is dying of thirst. She says: "please sir, give me some water, I'll do anything for you".
    The polack says " Hold this tail up, will you?"


[94]
Ok, Johnnys first grade teacher wants to see if everyone knows the
alphabet so she decides to play the pick a word and use it in a sentance
game.  She starts out by picking little Suzie who says, "apple--I
brought an apple for lunch."
    The teacher is happy, but notices that Johnnys hand is up, but with theletter 'b' she's not about to let him answer.  Too many bad things start
with 'b'. ... time passes ... Finally, she has to pick Johnny or he's
going to explode.  The letter is 'w' and she can't think of much that he
can do with that so she picks him.
    Johnny: "W as in womb."
"Shit!" mutters the teacher, he found something wrong with 'w'.  Ok,
damage control time.  "You mean the places that babies come from?"
    Johnny: "No, womb like two elephants fucking, WOMB! WOMB! WOMB!"


[95] Q: How many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
       A:  The whole country.  One to try and change the lightbulb, four
    policemen to beat him up, one to tape it, thirty news exects to
    play it over and over, twelve jurors to acquit the policemen, and
    the whole country to riot.


[96]
Mommy, mommy, Why is daddy running across the lawn?- -Shut up and 
    reload.
Mommy, mommy, I don't want to see grandma again!- -Shut up and keep 
    digging!
Mommy, Mommy, what's incest?- -Shut up and get back in bed.
Mommy, mommy, what's bestiality?- -Shut up and hold the dogs legs.
Mommy, mommy, I hate my sisters guts - - shut up and eat what I serve 
    you.
Mommy, Mommy, Why does Daddy look so pale - - shut up and keep 
    digging
Mommy, Mommy, what's an Oedipus complex - - shut up and kiss me.
Mommy, Mommy, I don't wanna go to Europe!- -Shut up and swim!
Mommy, mommy, can I have a cookie?
-- Sure, honey, take as many as you can from the jar.
-- But, Mommy, I don't have any arms.
-- No arms, no cookies.


[97]
An old man went on the hill were jesus was
nailed to the cross. the old man asks:
    "Have you seen my son, he's got nails in his
    hands and legs?!"
jesus replied: "Father!?!"
the old man replied: "Pinochio!?!"


[98]
A guy gets put in an old folks home by his son.  He doesn't want to
go but his son says he has no choice.  After a couple of hours at the home
he calls his son to tell him he hates it there and wants to leave.  His son
tells him he's not going to get out so he should make the best of it.
     That night he has the best night's sleep of his entire life and he 
wakes up with a raging hard-on.  The beautiful nurse walks in and notices
his erection.  "Well" she says.  "I guess I'll have to take care of that."
And she proceded to give him the best blowjob of his life.
     He calls his son and says tells him what happened, that he had a great
sleep, woke up with a hard-on and had the best blowjobof his life.  "I don't
ever want to leave this place."
     Later that day, he's walking down the hall when he falls down and
lands on his hands and knees.  A male orderly walking buy sees this and
proceeds to fuck him up the ass.
     The guy calls his son and tells him about the incident with the orderly.
He tells his son he wnat to leave the home.
     "Look first you tell me of the best experience of your life and that
you don't want to leave.  Then you tell me of the worst experience of your
life and that you want to leave.  You have to take the good with the bad."
     "No, you don't understand," the guy says. "I get on hard-on once a year, 
but I fall down four times a day."


[99]
Jimmy -      Mrs. Smyth, can Bobby come out and play baseball with us?
Mrs. Smyth - Jimmy, you know Bobby has no arms or legs.
Jimmy -      That's all right, we need him to use for second base.


[100]
This high school kid finally gets a date with the hottest chick in his school,
so he decides to go to the pharmacist to buy condoms.  He builds up his courage and walks up to the counter and says, "Can I have a three-pack of condoms?  I have a really hot date tonight."  The pharmacist nods and puts the box on the counter.  The kid thinks again and says, "You know, better make it two packs, this chick is really hot."  Again the pharmacist nods and puts down another box.  Our hero pays for the  condoms and leaves the store.  
    Now he's so excited about the date that he shows up at the chicks house an hour early.  When his date answers the door she says,
"You know you're kind of early, we're just about to eat dinner.  You're welcome to join us though."  So as there eating dinner, our hero is acting kind of strange.  He keeps looking at the ceiling and reciting prayers.
    After dinner, as their leaving for the date, the hot babe turns to our hero and says, "You know, I had no idea you were so religous."
    "Yeah, well I had no idea that your dad was a pharmacist!"






 
******WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me

[101]              
A Kid was  walking to the bathroom, when he saw through the slightly open door, his mother was in there.  She was buck naked and looking into the mirror while rubbing her breasts and moaning "I want a man. I NEED a man!".  The next day, the same thing happens: the kid is about to enter the bathroom and sees his mother rubbing her naked body in front of the mirror "I want a man. I NEED a man"  But the next day, when the kid is on the way to the bathroom, his passes his mother's bedroom, where some guy is hu



mping her while she screams "I got a man, OH  GOD, I got a man!!".  The kid immediately runs to the bathroom, stripping off his clothes on the way, then stands in front of the mirror rubbing his body saying "I want a bicycle.  I NEED a bicycle!"....


[102]
Little Jeremy was blind (aw!).  One evening, his mummy put him on her knee and said, "Jeremy, I have a very special surprise for you.  Tonight, if you pray very hard, when you wake up, you'll be able to see."
    In great excitement, Jeremy stumbled upstairs, threw himself
down next to his bed, and prayed his little heart out.  "Please God, please, please, please give me sight.  I'll be a good boy all the time, and I'll never use my eyes to look at  naughty things or anything." (etc.)
    The next morning, his mother is awakened by howls from Jeremy's
room.  She rushes into him.  "What's wrong, son?"
    "I still can't see!"  he wails.
    "Ha ha!" laughs his mum.  "April fools!"

[103] Q: Why aren't there any black people in the Flintstones?
         A: Because they were apes back then.  Haw haw haw.


[104]
Little Johnny and little Sarah are playing in the sandbox.
Little Johnny says, "I have 10 fingers."
    Little Sarah says, "So, I have 10 fingers."
Little Johnny says, "Well, I have 10 toes."
    Little Sarah says, "So what? I have 10 toes."
Little Johnny whips down his pants and says, "I have one of these!"
    Little Sarah lifts up her dress doesn`t see anything that looks like 
    Johnny`s, and runs home crying.
The next day Johnny and Sarah are playing in the sandbox again.
Little Johnny says, "I have 10 fingers."
    Little Sarah says, "So, I have 10 fingers."
Little Johnny says, "Well, I have 10 toes."
    Little Sarah says, "So what? I have 10 toes."
Little Johnny whips down his pants and says, "I have one of these!"
    Little Sarah lifts up her dress pulls down her underwear and says,
    "So, my mommie says that with one of these I can get all of those
    that I want!"   


[105]
There was this young man, oh about 30 years ago who was trying to get into show business.  He went to a talent scout and begged that he be given a tryout.  The talent scout was having a slow day so said what the hell.  The young man then proceeded to dance, act and sing like the scout had never seen before!  He was very impressed.  After the young man finished he said to him, "You are very talented and should be in show biz!  What's your name son?".  The young man replied, "Penis Van Lesbian".  The talent 



scout's expression turns sour and says, "I'm sorry, with a name like that you'll never be able to succeed in show biz.  But if you were to change your name then it might work out!".  The young man replies, "Sorry.  My name goes way back within my family and I'm not going to change it".  The talent scout says okay and they go their separate ways. Well the young man is at home really bumming that his name is the only thing holding him back from making into show business.  So he decides he'll sacrifice his na



me in order to make it into show business.  He's goes back to the talent scout and tells him he's changed his name.  The talent scout says "Great!  What is your new name?", to which he replied "Dick Van Dyke!!"


[106]       Whites and Blacks

Q: What do you call a white guy standing with a black guy?
A: Liberal.

Q: What do you call a white guy with three black guys?
A: Victim.

Q: One white guy with five black guys?
A: Coach.

Q: One white guy with ten black guys?
A: Quarterback.

Q: One white guy with 100 black guys?
A: Lieutenant.  (sp?)

Q: One white guy with 1000 black guys?
A: Warden.


[107]
A West Virginia man, considering getting a vasectomy, decided to discuss
it with his priest.  The priest gave him various bits of advice, and suggested that he discuss it with his doctor.
    The doctor likewise advised him on various aspects, and on discovering that he hadn't talked to his family about it yet, urged him to do so.
His family voted 14-4 in favor of it.


[108]  What are the 3 worst things about being an egg?
    1.  You only get laid once.
    2.  You only get hard once.
    3.  The only person that sits on your face is your mother.


[109]  Q. Why does the Pope wear underwear in the shower?
          A. He doesn't like to look down on the unemployed.


[110]  Q. What's a sorority girl's favorite sexual position?
          A. Doggie style--you sit up and beg, she rolls over and plays dead.


[111]  Q. Why can't Italian cheerleaders do splits?
          A. Because they stick to the floor.


[112]  Q. How can you tell when a Jewish girl has an orgasm?
          A. She drops her nail file.


[113]  This blonde goes for an interview:

interviewer:  I don't usually hire blondes but let me give you this test.
              First question:  How many days of the week begin with a 'T'?
              Second question: How many seconds are in a year?
              Third question:  How many 'Ds' in Rudolph?
              You can take this home with you, answer it, and bring it back
              next week and we will go over it.

Next week:

interviewer:   Okay, how many days of the week begin with a 'T'?
blonde:        2, today and tomorrow.
interviewer:   How many seconds are in a year?
blonde:        12, Jan. 2, Feb. 2, Mar. 2,.......
interwiewer:   How many 'Ds' in Rudolph?
blonde:        5386, I stayed up late singing it over and over. 
               d-d-dd-d-d-d    dd-d-dd-d-d (sing the song)

[114]  Q:  How do you make a cat sound like a dog?
          A: Cover it with gasoline and light it.   WOOF!


[115]  Q: How do you make a dog sound like a cat?
          A: Throw it in the freezer then run it through a table saw.  
              Meeeeeoooooorrrwwwwww!


[116]  Q: Did you hear about the two gay AIDS victims who decided to open 
        a machine shop?
       A: It's called Suck My Tool & Die.


[117]
An all black dog walks in to a saloon.  The bartender quickly yells "GET THAT DOG OUT OF HERE!  I DON'T SERVE DOGS!"
    The dog calmly protested.  "Look, my money is as good as anyone else's.  I just want a shot of Red Eye.  It has been a long day and I need a drink to relax."
    The bartender infuriated by the dogs lack of respect yells even louder.  "GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE I DON'T SERVE DOGS!"  Pulling out a shot gun the bartender adds "I MEAN IT!  GET OUT!"
    "I just want my shot of Red Eye and I'll be on my way."  said the dog placing the money on the bar to pay for the shot.  KBLOOM!  The bartender fires the shot gun, hitting the dog's foot.  The dog falls to the floor and uses his front legs to pull himself out of the saloon.
    Two months pass.  Everyone at the bar forgets all about the black dog.  Then, as the town clock begins striking noon, the swinging doors of the saloon swing open.  Sun light fills the smoked filled room.  A silhouette steps in to thesun's rays.  As the saloon's patrons' eyes adjust to the light, they see thatblack dog.  He wore a black 10 gallon hat.  Around his neck hung a blackhandkerchief.  In his mouth, a long black cigar burned.  Over his shouldershung a black leather vest.  Around his waist a belt c



arried a six-shooter.  The gun was black.  He had a pair of black leather boots on.  Around one of these boots there was a white little bandage.  The dog broke the quiet.  
    "I'm looking for the man that shot my Pa!"


[118] Q: What would it take to reunite the Beatles?
         A: Three bullets.


[119] Q: Why are there a few extra drops after men pee?
         A: Because the male member can't **SNIFFFF**


[120]
A Briton, a Frenchman, an American, and a Mexican were flying 
across the Atlantic when the pilot announced that they were low 
on fuel.  The four passengers threw everything they could out of the 
plane to lighten the plane.  But, the plane was still too heavy and they 
were not going to make it all the way across unless one of them 
jumped out.  
    They looked at each other for a minute, and then, in 
a display of bravery, the Briton grabbed one of the life rafts, 
said: 'God Save the Queen!" and jumped out. 
    Things were O.K. for a while, but it turned out the 
plane was still to heavy.  The Frenchman grabbed one of the 
liferafts, said: 'Vive la France!', and jumped out.
    The plane was still to heavy (of course).  The two 
remaining passengers looked at each other.  Suddenly, the 
American stood up, said 'Remember the Alamo!', and threw 
the Mexican out.  


[121]
A bunch of kids were trying to figure out what to do on a hot summer day.  One of them gets an idea.  "But, I need some money....how much we got?"  Pooling their money, the kid takes the $5 and runs off to the store, soon returning with a package of Tampons.  "What the fuck good are those?" they ask him.  "Look, it says here that, with these, you can go swimming, ride a horse, play tennis......"


[122] Q: Why are white dicks so short?
         A: They had toys to play with when they were kids!


[123] Q: What did the black guy say as he was falling off his zebra?
         A: "Now you see me, now you don't...now you see me,etc..etc


[124]
A Chinese guy walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender, who is an African-American, and says, "Hey, Nigger, you get me Jigger!"
    The bartender turns and says, "Hey man, you know dat we be both mi-nori-TEES, and dat de MAN is bringing us BOTH down, so whatcha talkin like that for, my man?"
    The Chinese guy says, "I soooooo sowwy.  I tell you what.  You go outside, come back in.  I stand behind bar, make dweeenks.  You come in, insult me WEAL good!"
    The black man agrees that that's fair enough, so he goes outside.  The Chinese gets behind the bar.  After a minute, the black guy comes back in.  "Yo, Chink!    Get me a drink!"
    "I sooooo sowwy.  We no SERVE niggers.  You go home now."


[125] Q: What is the difference between a homosexual and a Fag?
         A: A homosexual has a sexual preference for men.  A fag is a 
        homosexual who annoys you enough that you want to beat the 
        shit out of him.


[126] Q: Why do gorillas have such big noses? 
         A: Cause they have big fingers!


[127]   *ring* *ring*
"thank you for calling the national deaf/mute hotline. Can I help you?....
hello? hellllloooooooo? anyone there? Can you hear me? say something!
    *click*


[128]
A Chinese moves into a town in the deep south, and discovers he is the only Asian in town.  Come Friday night, he has nothing to do, so he sits out on his front porch.  Soon, a pickup truck full of white guys wearing sheets drives by and stops in front of his house.
    "Mr. Chang?"  says one of the guys.
    "Yes?"  says Chang.
    "Good Evenin'.  I'm Bubba Johnson, and these here are my buddies Elmer and    Mah-lo.  We're from th' local chapter of th' 
K-K-K.  The boys and Ah, we we're fixin' on goin' down to th' local bowlin' lanes, to beat th' shit out of some niggers.  Seein' as you're new 'round these parts, We were all wonderin' if you would like t' join us."
    "Ooooh.  That sounds wike FUN!"  So Mr. Chang hops in the back of the pickup, and they proceed to the bowling alley.  Sure enough, there are plenty of blacks in there, and a brawl is started in no time.  During the middle of the melee, one of the Klansmen notices Chang sitting in the corner, pounding on a bowling ball.  
    "Hey, Chang!  What th' HELL do ya think you're DOIN???""
    "Ooooh.  You get wive ones!  I get eggs!"


[129]
It's late on a Saturday night and a mother sits up waiting for her 16-year-old son who is still out two hours past his curfew.  Finally, the front door opens and the son walks in.  The mother gets up, rushes to the door and begins yelling at the son.  "Where have you been?  You are two hours late! Tell me this instant!"  To her surprise, the son comes right out and says, "Mom, tonight I lost my virginity."  The mother is so taken back by her son's statement that she orders him to go to bed and says that sh



e will have his father speak to him in the morning.
    The next morning the father enters the son's bedroom.  Deep down he is secretly proud that his son has become a man by losing his virginity.  However, to make his wife happy he has to put on an authoritative father show.  He approaches his son who is slowly waking up and says "Well son last night you made your mother very angry.  I sure hope you have learned something from all of this."  To which the son replies.  "Damn right I have, next time I'm using vaseline, my ass is killing me!"


[130] A sex therapist asked one his female patient: "Do you smoke after 
    sex?"
    She replied: "I don¥t know, I never looked"


[131] Q: On a desert island you have:
    1 woman
    2 condoms
    3 men
    How do all the men fuck the woman without anyone 
        sharing any bodily fluids?
        A: 1st man puts on two rubbers and fucks her.
             2nd man takes the top rubber, puts it on and fucks her
             3rd man takes 1st man's rubber, turns it inside out, 
               puts it in the 2nd man's rubber and puts it on and
               fucks her.


[132] Scene: Court room.  Mickey and Minnie Mouse getting a divorce.
         Judge: Mickey you just can't get a divorce because you
                    say Minnie is crazy .
        Mickey: I didn't say Minnie was crazy your honor I said
                     she was fucking Goofy.


[133]
Lady Di and Cindy Crawford both die on the same day and go to 
Heaven.  St. Peter greets them at the gate to Heaven and tells 
them there is only one room left and only one of you can get in.
So they have a contest and the one who does the best show gets in.
Cindy Crawford removes her top and exposes her bare chest to St.
Peter.  He smiles.  Lady Di then gets her turn and removes her dress, 
grabs the vinegar and water douche and cleans herself out.  St. Peter
lets Lady Di in to Heaven.  Well Cindy Crawford gets mad and asks, 
'I got naked for you and she douched and your letting her in???'.
St. Peter replies, 'Honey, you know a royal flush beats a pair'.


[134]
This guy working at the NAACP picks up the telephone one day. "Hello,
NAACP office."
   "Say, boy, let me talk to the head nigger."
   "Excuse me, sir, this is the NAACP.  We don't use that kind of language 
here."
   "I don't give a goddamn!  Just let me talk to the head nigger."
   "Sir, we don't use the "N" word here."
   "Lissen up, boy.  My names John Rhodes, and I'm from Dallas, and I'm
worth billions, and I got a million dollar contribution for you, so let me
talk to the head nigger!"
   "Yassa suh, I tink I see's dat ole' jigaboo walkin up right hea now!"


[135]  Q: How do you stop 5 black men from raping a white woman?
          A: Throw 'em a basketball.


[136]
There was an accident on the construction site one day.  A man fell from 
the 40th story.  Needless to say, he was a mess.  "Hey," the foreman said, 
"anyone know this guys full name?  What about any unique scars, tatoos, etc?"
"Yeah" this polish guy says "He had two rectums."  
"How'd you know?" the foreman asks.  
"Well, he, my buddy and me went to this bar every day after work for a beer and the bartender kept saying 'Shit, here comes that nigger with the two assholes'".


[137]   
This guy goes on vacation, but needs someone to watch his sick mother
and her cats.  His friend says "No problem".  Anyway, a couple of weeks later he calls to check up on the situation.
   "So, how's the cats?"
   "They're all dead."
   "Jeez, let's have some tact here!  Don't just tell me they're dead. 
Give it to me slow, like 'Oh, they got out, and climbed on top of the house,
and wouldn't come down, so the staved to death."
   "Ok, ok.  Sorry."
   "That's ok.  Anyway, how's mom?"
   "Oh, um, she, ah, climbed up on the roof...."


[138]
A rich man and a poor man were in a pub shortly before Christmas.
The poor man asked the rich man what he had bought his wife as a 
present.
    "Well," said the rich man, "I've got her a mink coat and
a Jaguar motor car, so if she doesn't like the mink, she's always
got the Jag ... what have you bought for your wife?"
    "I've bought her a bottle of perfume and a vibrator," replied
the poor man, "so if she doesn't like the perfume, she can go and
fuck herself."


[139]
So there is this rich woman who lives in a large mansion. 
One day she comes upon the butler and says "butler take off my blouse" 
next she says "butler take off my pants" he does so. 
Then she says "take off my bra" Then she says "butler take off my panties".

"And if I ever find you wearing my clothes again your fired"


[140]
A man meets this woman who is incredibly attractive and has very
large hooters.  The man himself is attractive as well.  Well they
start dating, fall in love and decide to get married.  But before 
the marriage the girl admits to her man that she doesn't really 
have big hooters but is flat as a board.  The man says that's okay
and admits to her that he is hung like a baby.  Well wedding day
comes and they are in the hotel that evening.  They had waited 
until their wedding day to do the nasty so it was the first time
they had seen each other in the buff.  The girl steps out of the
shower to be seen by her new husband, to which he replies, "wow,
you were right.  You're flat as a board".  The husband then dis-
robes to which the wife says, "wow, you said you were hung like 
a baby but your really not!!".  "That's right dear, I am hung
like a baby, 7 pounds 6 ounces and 20 inches long"!


[141]
The scene: A TWA plane
The air hostess bustles up to the lecherous-looking 50 yr old passenger.
    "Excuse me, sir.  Would you like some of our TWA coffee?"
    "No, but I wouldn't mind some of your TWA tea." (TWAT)


[142]
Superman & Batman meet on the stree one day...Batman notes that the man of steel's cape is torn, his hair is messed up, and he has the shakes.. 

Batman asks "Superman...What happened to you?"
Superman replies "I was flying over the city a few
    minutes ago and I looked down to see Wonder Woman
    suntanning on the roof of a building, nude and
    spread eagled...so i whiped it out and flew right
    between her legs.."
"Was she surprised ?" Batman asked
Shaking still, Superman said "Not half as surprised
    as the Invisible Man..."


[143]
A man goes to doctor and says:'Doctor, I have a problem. When I drink
tea, my eye aches(sp?) and when I stop, it stops too. Can you help me?'
Doctor says:'Take the spoon out of the cup!'


[144]
A woman goes into a restaurant in a small town out in the country.  
She orders the chicken and starts to eat.  Eating too fast she starts
to choke on a chicken bone.  Well these two country boys in the next
booth notice she is choking so they get up and go over to help her.
The first country boy drops his coveralls and bends over and the
second country boy starts licking his butt.  The woman watches these
two go at it and is grossed out.  She pukes all over the place dislodging
the chicken bone from her throat.  The country boy pulls his overalls
back up and says to the other, "Your right Leroy, that hind-lick maneuver
works like a charm".


[145]
Three young women are trying out for cheerleader, and they have to have
a physical.  So they go to the doctor and the first one goes in to the exam
room.  The doctor says, "I need to listen to your heart, could you please
remove your top."  The girl complies, and the doctor is amazed to see a
large "P" on her chest.  "What's with the 'P'," he asks.  "Well, you see,
my boyfriend goes to Penn State, and when we make love, he wears his letter-man sweater, and it hits on my chest and leaves a mark," she explains.
   When the next girl comes in, she removes her top and the doctor discovers a letter 'S' on her chest. "Do you know there's an 'S' on your chest," he inquires.  "Yeah, that's my boyfriend. He goes to Syracuse. When we have sex he wears his letterman sweater, and boy, sometimes it hits pretty hard and leaves a mark."  The doctor says he understands and sends her out.
   The third girl comes in, and when she removes her top, she has a 'W'
emblazoned on her chest.  The doctors says,"Wait. I know, your boyfriend
goes to West Virginia, right?"  The girl replies,"Well, I don't have a boy-
friend, but my girlfriend goes to Michigan."
[146]
A white man goes into a pub toilet and starts sprinkling the pan with his
2.3 inches of dick.  A black man comes in and unravels his 14 inches and starts hosing down the pan next to the white man.
White man: "You've got a great dick, how can I get a dick like yours?"
Black man: "Easy man, just tie 20 feet of string to your dick, tie a brick
            to the other end, go down to the bridge over the river and throw 
            the brick off the bridge. Do that every day for two weeks and 
            you'll have a dick like mine"
So every day, the white man goes to the bridge over the river, ties the 
string to his dick and throws the brick off the bridge. It hurts like 
buggery, but he perseveres as he really wants a big dick.  A week later he meets the same black man in the pub.
BM: "Hi man, how's your dick?
WM: "Well, I'm half-way there."
BM: "What do you mean you`re half way there?"
WM: "Well it's black now."


[147]
These newlyweds waited until after they were married,
and this time the groom was pretty nervous, and had asked his dad for
advice.  The father, who was a swell guy, gave his son a pep talk, and
offered to wait in the bushes outside the hotel room window on the
wedding night.  This way, if the groom got stuck (so to speak) he
could ask a question out the window and get an answer.  Well, while
the groom is in the bathroom getting out of his tux, the bride
*really* has to take a shit.  She can't wait any longer, so she pulls
an empty shoebox out of the closet and shits in it, figuring she can
throw it away later.  Finally, the groom comes out of the bathroom,
goes to put his rented shoes away, and yells "Hey, there's shit in
this box!"  Then from outside the window the father responds  "You've
got the wrong end son, turn her over!"


[148]
    A major was inspecting an army barracks in the Middle East and was appalled at the conditions.  The entire barracks was covered with camel dung.  After chewing out the Colonel he demanded an eplanation.  The Colonel explained that it was a long way to town and that the men get REAL LONELY and so the camel was used to relieve their sexual frustrations.  Upon hearing this the Major decides to have a go with the camel.  When he finishes he asks the Colonel,  "Well, how did I do?  Did I perform better than yo



ur men?"  
    To which the Colonel replied, "Well Major, I must say you were quite different from my men.  They usually RIDE THE CAMEL INTO TOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


[149]
    Bill Clinton was out doing his usual morning run.  He was running by the white house and saw that someone had pissed a message in the snow.  It said "Bill Clinton is a piece of shit".  Clinton was upset.  He told the FBI to get on the case and find out who did this.  A few hours later, an FBI offical went to the white house to tell clinton who did this.  
    "Mr. President, I have some good news and some bad news for you."  
    "Did you find out who pissed in the snow."  
    "Yes.  The test we took on the urine sample proved that Jesse Jackson pissed on the snow." 
    "So what's the bad news?" Clinton asked.
    The FBI man replied "It was Hilary's handwriting."


[150]
Four sergeons were taking a coffe break and were discussing their work.
    The first said, "I think accountants are the easiest to opperate on. You
open them up and everything inside is numbered."
    The second said, "I think librarians are the easiest to operate on. You
open them up and everything inside is in alphabetical order."
    The third said, "I like to operate on electricians. You
open them up and everything inside is color-coded.
    The fourth one said, "I like to operate on lawyers. They're heartless
spineless, gutless, and their heads and their ass are interchangable."







[214]
Two poets died and stood before the gates of heaven.  St. Peter informs
them that there is only room for one poet in heaven.  He tells them to 
write a poem about Timbuktu and whoever writes the best poem shall
enter heaven.  After a few minutes the first poet returns with:
    I've travelled over this whole wide land,
    I've walked across the burning sand,
    A caravan came into view,
    Destination: 'TIMBUKTU'
St. Peter marvels at the first poet's work but says "In all fairness 
to the second poet we must hear his poem".  After a few minutes the 
second poet returns with:
    Tim and I travelled when,
    We saw three maidens in a den,
    They were three, we were two,
    I bucked one, 'TIMBUKTU' 


[215]
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. Looking around he notices a few
blacks around. Then he asks the bartender: "Do you serve niggers here?"
The bartender replies, insulted: "Of course!" The guy replies: "Great, put
one on my tab and feed it to the dog outside!"


[216]
One day a man was sunbathing on a nude beach when he noticed a little girl star
ing down at him,so he put a newspaper over his private parts.
    The girl asked, "What was that?
    He said,  "That was my bird and I keep it under there so it won't fly away.
Soon the man fell asleep and woke up in the emergency room in a hospital.
    "What happened ?"he asked.
The little girl stepped in and said,"While you were sleeping I wanted to play with your bird, but it spit at me.  So I broke its neck,crushed its eggs,and set most of its nest on fire."


[217] Q:  How many animals can you find in a pair of pantyhose?
         A:  Two calves;ten little piggies;one ass;one pussy;one thousand hares;maybe 
    some crabs;and a dead fish nobody can find.


[218]
A nun walked into the corner liquor store and asked the proprietor for a fifth of whiskey.
    "Sister, now how would it look for a respectable fellow like me to sell alcohol to 
        a nun?"
    The woman leaned over the counter and whispered conspiratorially, "It's really 
        for the Mother Superior's constipation."
The store owner thought it over and decided to sell it to her since it was for medicinal purposes, but only on condition that she hide it in a paper bag and not tell anyone.

An hour later the store owner closed up and walked outside, only to immediately come across the nun on a park bench, roaring drunk.
    "Sister," he said angrily, "you know I only sold you that whiskey because it was 
        to ease Mother Superior's constipation."
    "It ish," slurred the nun.  "When she sees me, she'll shit."


[219]
A guy goes to a prostitute and has sex.  After it is done, she turns to
him and says, "If I can guess your profession, you give me $100?", to which
he agreed.
The prostitute said, "You are a doctor".
Doctor: "How did you guess?"
Prostitute: "You washed your hands before and you washed your hands after.
Want to go double or nothing?  I can guess your specialty."
Doc: "Sure. No way!"
Prostitute: "You are an anesthesiologist"
Doc: "That is unbelievable.  How did you guess it?"
Prostitute: "Didn't feel a thing."


[220]
Two mexicans were hunting when they became lost.  The first Mexican
had read that when lost, you could fire three times into the air
and help would come.  He fired three times and nothing happened.
An hour later he fired three more times.  After another hour the
second Mexican told his friend to try again.
"Okay," he said, "but this time is the last time.  We're almost out
of arrows!"


[221] Q:  Did you ever have sex cowboy style?
         A:  It's where you fuck the girl from behind, scream out somebody else's
    name, and then see how long you can hold on.



[222]
    The scene is the delivery room in a hospital.  The newborn baby crawls out from between his mother's legs and looks at the doctor. 
    "Are you my daddy?"
    "No," says the doctor," I'm the doctor and I helped your mom deliver you."  
    The baby looks at his mother and says, "Are you my daddy?" 
    "No," says the mother, "I'm your mom, and I carried you for nine months."
    Finally the baby looks at his father and asks, "Are you my daddy?"
    "Yes, Son, I'm your daddy."
    The baby hits his daddy on the head with his fist repeatedly and asks, "How do like it!"


[223
A bum got on a subway car.  He smelled of cheap women and cheap wine. He was dirty and had a porno magazine in his pocket.  When he got in, he sat down next to a priest and started reading the porno.   After a few minutes, he asked the priest how a person gets arthritis. The priest replied that you get arthritis by drinking too much, being with cheap women, not washing and reading smut.  The bum said ``oh, okay.''  After a few minutes, the priest started to feel guilty and turned to the bum and apologized 



for snapping at him and asked him why he wanted to know.  The bum said that he read that the Pope had arthritis.


[224
The sheriff is driving through the county, and he comes across this farmer filling up a hole in the gruond, next to an overturned truck.  The sheriff says, "What's going on here?"  
    The farmer replies, "Well, I was driving back from the city in my pickup when this truckload of blacks comes zipping around the corner.  We both swerved, and that truck turned right over!  So I decided to do a good deed and bury those poor buggers."
    The sheriff says, "But wait, were they all dead?"
    The farmer replies, "Well, some of them claimed they weren't, but you know how those blacks lie."


[225
A redneck is walking down the street and sees another redneck coming out of a bookstore.  He walks up to the other guy and says; "Whatcha got there, Jim Bob?  I ain't never seen one of them."     Jim Bob looks up at him, "Oh, hey, Billy!  This here's a book!" 
    "Oh, really?  What's it about?" 
    "Logic!"
    "What's 'lojik'?"
    "Well here, Ah'll show ya'.  Yaseenow, ya'll like nature, raht?"
    "Ayuh.  Ah like nature."
    "Well then, if ya' like nature ya'll must like animals."
    "Ayuh, animals are ahraht."
    "Well then, if ya' like animals, ya'll must like people."
    "Ayuh, people ain't too bad."
    "Well if ya' like people, ya' gotta like women."
    "Yeh, Ah like women!"
    "Well then, if ya'll like women, then ya' ain't no faggot!"
    "Hell NO! I ain't no faggot!"
    "There ya' go, that there's logic!"
Billy was so impressed with this that he went in and bought the book himself.  As he was walking out of the store, Vern walked up.  
    "Whatcha got, Billy?"  
    "A book."   
    "What's it about?"  
    "Logic."  
    "What's that?"
    "Well Ah'll tell ya'.  You like nature?"
    "No."
    "Then ya's a faggot!"


[226 Q:  WHAT'S A PERFECT WOMAN??
         A:  Three feet tall, no teeth, a flat head to keep my beer on, 
    pistol grip ears and mute!!!


[227
A man is out golfing and hits his ball into the nearby cow pasture.  He starts looking for his ball and notices that there is a woman apparently looking for her ball.  He starts looking for his ball and there is a cow that keeps staring at him.  He looks at the cow and says to himself 'Naaaaa, can't be.'  He searches and searches with the cow staring at him.  The woman can't seem to find her ball either.  Finally, he goes over to the cow and lifts her tail.  Sure enough, there is a ball logged in the cow's



 ass but it doesn't look like his.  So he says to the lady, "Hey, does this look like yours?"  Next day's headline: 
    "Women kills man with 9 iron"


[228
A man goes to a whore, as he gets prepared to get down to business he remarks, " my, what a huge hole, my, what a huge hole." The 'ho gets pissed off and says " you didn't have to say it twice."  The guy says, " I didn't".


[229 Q:  Did you hear about the epileptic who was attacked by 27 people at 
    Disney World?
         A: They thought he was a new ride.


[230
Three plastic surgeons are talking about some of their memorable operations.
    Dr. 1: I had a guy come into my office one time who's arm looked just like a pretzel.  I did some work on him and he now pitches in the major leagues.
    Dr. 2; That's nothing.  I had a guy come into my office one time who's legs were cut off.  I fixed him up and he now runs the Boston marathon every year.
    Dr. 3; I've got you both topped.  I had a guy who fell into a sheet metal machine brought into my office one time. I performed a miracle on him.  All that was left of him was an asshole and a red sweater and he now coaches basketball at Indiana University. 


[231 Q:  How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb??
         A:  One, but it has to want to change first.


[232
This guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  He starts chatting with the bartender, and tells him he's God.  "Bullshit," says the bartender.  "Well", the guy says, "I'll prove it".  So he walks up to this blind guy, touches his eyes, and the blind man yells "Hey!  I can finally see!" and throws down his cane, and walks out.  "Say, I've got this bum leg," says the bartender, "Can you fix it for me?"  "Sure thing," says God, and touches his leg.  The leg feels great now, and the bartender tells God if he ca



n do anything to repay him.  "Yeah," says God, "Where's the John?  I gotta take a leak."  So, as God walks towards the can, this guy with a neck brace jumps out of the way, yelling "Stay the fuck away from me!  I'm on disability!"


[233
An indian chief has become constipated and so goes to see his friendly neighbourhood doctor.  The doctor listens to the chief's problem and gives him a pill telling him to take 1 a day and come back in a week.  A week later the chief shows up at the doctors office again.  
    The doctor asks the chief, "have you moved yet?" (refering to a bowel movement).  
    The indian chief replies "Me no move."  
    The doctor gives the chief a larger pill and says "Take 2 of these a day and come back in a week."  A week later the chief once again arrives at the doctors office.  The doctor again asks the chief "Have you moved yet?" 
    To which the chief replies, "Me no move."  The doctor gives the chief an even bigger pill than the last one and tells him to take 3 a day and come back in a week.  
    The next week the chief arrives yet again at the doctors office.  The doctor asks his usual question, "Have you moved yet?"   
    The chief replies "me no move."  Totally fed up, the doctor gives the chief the biggest damn pill he can find and tells him to take 4 of these a day and come back in a week.  The chief thanks the doctor and leaves the office.
    The following week the chief arrives at the doctors office.  The doctor asks again, "Have you moved yet?" 
    To which the chief replies, "Me hafta move,  tent full of shit!"


[234
These three fags were talking about what they wanted to be.  
    The first one says "I want to be a flower, so people can come up all day long and smell me!" 
    The next one says "I wanna be an ambulance!  That way I'll get a man shoved into be from behind, and I can run down the street screaming 'OOOO-WHEEEE!!'" 
    The last guy says "I want to be a baseball pitcher!  That way, it will be the bottom of the ninth, bases loaded, and two outs.  The winning run is on 3rd.  The batter hits a grounder to me, and I pick it up, and just stand there.  Everyone in the stands is on their feet, yelling at me 'Throw the ball, you cocksucker!'  And that's what I want, recognition!"


[235
A father dog was talking to his son, "Son, it's time I told you the three facts of life."  So, he goes and knocks over a trash can, and eats some trash from it.  "That's number one."  Then, spying a female dog, he runs over there and fucks her.  "Son, that's number two."  Finally, he sees a tree, and goes over to relieve himself.  "Son, thats three.  Any questions?"  
    "Yeah," says the son.  "I can understand you getting some food from the garbage, and getting some pussy from that bitch, but why the tree?"  
    "Son," he says, "if you can't eat it or fuck it, then piss on it."


[236 Q:  What's pink and spits?
         A:  A baby in a fryingpan.


[237
This 73 year old women leaves her 76 year old husband in their condo in Florida to go out and buy some groceries.  She returns an hour later to find him in bed with a 21 year college girl from down the hall, fucking the daylights out of her.  She screams and grabs the nearest thing, a broom, and starts wacking him over the head and screaming bloody murder.  He backs up to avoid her attacks, and is finally out on the balcony - 17 stories up.
    "Stop hitting me Marge, it is 17 stories up and I could fall", the 76 year old naked man says.
    To which Marge replies, "If you can fuck at your age, you can fly."


[238
A drunk is standing, pissing into a fountain in the middle of town, so a cop comes up to him and says "Stop that and put it away!"  The drunk shoves his dick into his pants and does up his zip.  As the cop turns to go, the drunk starts laughing.  
    "Okay, what's so funny?" asks the cop.
    "Fooled you." says the drunk "I put it away, but I didn't stop."


[239 Q:  You're at dinner with Saddam H., M. Kadafi, and a lawyer.  You have 2 cyanide 
    capsules. Who gets them?
         A:  The lawyer and the lawyer again. 


[240
One day three little boys were sitting on the curb.  They were gleaming at the two shinny cars across the street.  
    The first boy says; "I wish I had one-mellion dallars, so I can buy dat Rolls Royce!"  
    Second boy says; "I wish I had one-mellion dallars too, so I can buy dat Red Cadalac in front of dat Rolls Royce!"  
    Third boy; "I wish I had hair all ovar me!"  
    First two boys eyes get wide and ask; "Hair all ovar ya?  Why you want hair allovar ya?"  
    Third boy reply; "Cause my oldar sister habe a patch of hair like dat (he makes an upside down triangle with both hands)...and she owns both dem cars!"


    Mike and Pat were lifelong friends.  But, Mike had taken very seriously ill and the priest had given him the last rites.  Pat comes in to see him.
    "MIke, do you have any last requests?"
    "Yes, Pat, I do.  Over me mantle there's a fifth of Irish whiskey.  Will you pour it over me grave when I'm gone?"
    Pat hesitates.  "Well, yes, of course I will, Mike.  But would you mind if I filtered it through me kidneys first?"


[241
I remember in grade school I got in trouble for talking when I should have been writting in our English class.  It was poem day and each of us had to write a short poem to read to the class.  The teacher made me stand in the hall for talking, which was the standard for punishment back then.  As I was standing in the hall outside the classroom, I noticed a cockroach crawling on the wall.  So I start thinking; "As I stand here in the hall, I see this cockroach on the wall." and begin repeating it over and ov



er again with much excitment.  20 minutes later the teacher comes out and tells me that it's OK to come back in.  I tell the teacher that I thought of a poem and would like to recite it to the class.  She tells me she would like to here it first.  I recite; "As I stand here in the hall, I see this cockroach on the wall."  With a smile on her face she OKs the poem and tells me that I can recite it to the class, but also tells me that I should leave out the cock because they're called roaches. I agree.  So I



 get into class and the teacher says; "Class, Tommy has a poem that he would like to recite!"  I stand up in front of the class with a proud look on my face and recite; 
        "As I stand here in the hall, 
        I see this roach on the wall...WITH HIS COCK OUT!"


[242 Q:  WHAT ARE THE 4 ROOMS OF A WOMAN?
         A:  FROM HEAD TO THE NECK IS THE "DISPLAY ROOM". 
              FROM THE NECK TO THE CHEST IS THE "PLAY ROOM".
              FROM THE CHEST TO THE HIPS IS THE "STORE ROOM".
              FROM THE HIPS TO THE THIGH IS THE "MENS ROOM".


[243
One morning, as is his usual habit, Bill clinton was running through downtown Little Rock when he ran past his favorite whore.  
    She shouted 'Fifty Dollars!,'
    Bill shouted 'Five Dollars!'
The next morning Bill is out jogging again and he runs past the same whore who shouts 'Fifty Dollars!' again.  
    Bill yells back 'Five Dollars!'  
The next morning, Hilary comes with Bill on his morning jog.  Bill is a few paces ahead of Hillary as they run past the same whore who promptly shouts 'See what you get for five dollars!'


[244 Q:  What is the definition of relative humidity?
         A:  The sweat on your balls while you busy fucking your sister.


[245
Three young black boys are sitting on the banks of a swampy pond watching aligators swim by.  
    One speaks up and says,"You know what da' meanest thing in da' world is?   A crockodile!"  
    The second of the three shakes his head and says, "Nope, t'ain't no crockodile, it's an aligator!"  
    The third shakes his head at the other two and says,"You both crazy, you know what the meanest thing in the world really is?  A Crockogator!", he replies.     
    The first boy asks, "What is that?"  
    The third boy says, "A Crockogator got da' head of a crockodile on one end, and the head of an aligator on da' other end."
    The second one asks, "Den' where his ass?"
    The third boys replies, "He ain't got no ass, dat's why he so mean.!"


[246 Q:  Why did Helen Keller play the piano with one hand?
         A:  She had to sing with the other. 


[247
The other day I got into real trouble ... I was out cleaning up my garage, when I accicently started the damn thing on fire.  So, I ran in the house, called the fire department, and told them that I had a fire and that they'd have to come over right away.  
    The person on the other end said: "Okay, how do we get there?'
    So I replied, "Don't you still have those little red trucks?" 


[248 Q:  What do you get when you line up 10 Indians?
         A:  A full set of teeth


[249
A young girls walks into the bathroom one morning and sees her father standing there naked.  She starts to stare at his dick, and asks: "What's that daddy?".
    Her father replies: "Thats a penis".
The little girl thinks for a moment and then asks: "When will I get a penis daddy?".
    Her father grins and says: "About 10 minutes after your mother leaves
for work.".


[250 Q:  What do 10,000 abused women have in common?
         A:  None of them know when to sit down and shutup.





 
*****WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING....READ CAREFULLY!
            complete list available through me

[251 Q:  What's the difference between a pig and a fox?  
         A:  8 beers.


[252
There was a lady, after a rough divorce, who was looking for a purely sexual relationship. In order to find someone to fill this position, she places a classified ad in a local paper advertising her needs.  Later, she is talking on the phone to a friend about how poor the response when the doorbell rings. She gets off the phone and goes to answer the door.  To her dismay, there is no one there.
    "Down here" she hears.  
    She looks down to see a guy with no arms and no legs sitting on her doorstep.  
        "How can I help you?"
    "I'm here about your ad"
    "But you have no arms and no legs, how can you help?"
    "Well, I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


 
[253]One day, a man found an old lamp and started to rub the dust off of 
it when a genie appeared. The genie said "For setting me free, I will 
grant you two wishes".
    The man thought for a while and replied without hesitation,  "I want to be hard all of the time and I would like to have all the ass I want."
    *POOF!* a cloud of smoke appeared and the man turned into a toilette.


[254]Q:  "Why do Blondes have a dimple on their chin and a flat 
    forehead?"
     A:  "A place to put out your cigarette and a place to set your beer."


[255]
I used to listen at night to my parents in the next room, talking... you
 know how parents will say things like "I told you he'd live".  It seemed 
I  could never cross the street without them placing bets.  One of my 
fondest  memories was waking up and seeing snow all over the ground and 
kids  playing in it, and getting all excited, I'd rush to the door and 
shout to my parents, "okay, you know the deal, it's snowing....let me in.


[256] Q: What are they charging for parking at the World Trade Center?
         A: An arm and a leg.


[257]
A recent  medical survey found that the average penis is six inches long, 
while the  average vagina is eight inches deep.  That means that there 
are over 150,000 miles of unused pussy in the world!!!


[258]
It was 2:00  in the morning when Mel and I were staggering home from a 
friends party  last Sunday.  We were arguing our egos on who go the best 
lay the night  before.  I was boasting about porking this gal with a 
harry ass hole  and he was boasting about banging a miniature 2 1/2 foot 
Sister.  I told  him he was full of shit because I remember Father Ralph 
telling me about  a height limitation back in the Catholic School days.  
Mel insisted that  he screwed a minature Sister and to prove his point we 
staggered over  to St. Marys two blocks away.  Pounding on the door for 
nearly 15  minutes, an elderly lady finally answers, "I'm Mother Maria, 
may I assist  your needs?"  "Yeaaaa!" says Mel,  "Ya got any Sisters 
datall!"   (gesturing his hand to his knee, indicating 2 feet).  Mother 
Maria;  "Excuse me sir?"  Mel; "Iiiiiiisaid, da ya have any sisturrs dat 
tall!"   Mother Maria; "I'm sorry we can not fill your needs at this 
Convent!"   and with that, she slams the door.  I nudge Mel and tell him; 
"Seeeee, I told ya, ya fucked a PENGUIN!!!"


[259] Q: What do you call a fag in a wheat field ?
         A: Fruit and fiber


[260]
The night before Mike Tyson  goes to prison, he tells Don King that he 
needs to get laid just one  more time before he goes in.  So Don king 
sets him up with this total  babe and they go at it like rabbits all 
night.  The next morning she  turns to Mike and says, "Well, I've got 
some good news and some bad  news.  Figuring he's going to prison very 
soon, he decides to hear the good news first.
She says, "Ok then, You were better than Magic Johnson."


[261]
The Ages of a Women
1. Between the ages of 16 and 18, she is like Africa, virgin and unexplored.

2. Between the ages of 19 and 35, she is like Asia, hot and exotic.

3. Between the ages of 36 and 45, she is like America, fully explored and free with her resources.

4. Between the ages of 46 and 56 she is like Europe, exhausted but still has points of interest.

5. After 56 she is like Australia, everybody knows it's down there but who gives a damn.


[262] Q:  What are the 3 wonders of a woman?
          A:  1.  She can bleed for a week without dying...
        2.  She can milk like a cow...
        3.  She can bury a bone faster than a dog...


[263]
A fag goes into a deli.  He asks for a sausage.  The deli owner says  
"Would you like that chopped?"  The fag replies "What do I look like,
a piggy bank?!


[264]
If you know three languages, you are tri-lingual
If you know two languages, you are bi-lingual
If you know one language (and don't respect others), you're American.


[265] Q: Why does a black man rub his eyes after sex?
         A: To get the MACE out.


[266] Q:  What is the difference between a girls track team  and a bunch of 
    pygmies?
         A:  The pygmies are cunning little runts.


[267] Q:  What is the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat?
         A:  Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.


[268] Q:  What is the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping-tom.
         A:  The pick-pocket snatches watches.


[269] Q:  What is the difference between a woman going to church and a 
    woman taking a bath.
         A:  The woman going to church has hope in her soul.


[270] Q:  What do a warm pussy and a warm toilet-seat have in common?
         A:  They both feel great, but you can't stop wondering who was there 
    before you.


[271]
Once  there was this little nonconforming sparrow who decided not to fly 
south  for the winter.  After awhile it got too cold for the poor sparrow 
and he  reluctantly started his flight south.  Slow ice began forming on 
the  sparrow's wings causing him to come crashing down to the ground.  
Then  a cow came a long and crapped on the sparrow.  He thought he was 
done  for, but to his surprise the shit was nice and warm and began to 
thaw  out his wings.  The sparrow was so happy he becan to sing.  A near 
by cat heard the singing and decided to investigate.  He found the 
sparrow under  the pile of shit, so he uncovered the sparrow and promptly 
ate him.
    Now, there are three moral to this story:
    1) Not everyone that shits on you is your enemy.
    2) People that get you out of shit are not necessarily your friend.
    3) If your warm and happy in a pile of shit, keep your mouth shut.


[272]
An inventor walks into the U.S. patent office one day to have the man  in 
charge take a look at his new invention. He walks up to the guy's desk,  
puts an apple on it and says," Here, take a look at this."
    The guy in charge says, "It's an apple, so what."
    The inventor tells the gut to take a bite of it and he 
does. The man in charge frowns and says," It tastes like an apple."
    The inventor shakes his head and tells him to turn it around.
The patent officer does and to his surprise it tastes like a banana. The  
inventor sees the patent officer's surprise and makes a motion for him 
to turn it around again. He does and takes a bite:  Coconut, again, 
Peach, again, Pear, and again and again until he gets  to the core 
getting a different taste each time.
    The patent officer smiles and says," Wow, this  is great but if you can 
make one of these that tastes like a pussy you'll make a million.
    The inventor says he will work on it and be back in a month.
One month passes...
    The inventor sets the new improved apple on the patent officer's desk.
    "Is that it?" he asks. The inventor says it is and the officer 
takes a bite.
    "Gawd! This tastes like shit!" the patent officer yells.
    The inventor looks at him and says, "Well, turn it around."


[273]
 I went to school, ya know.  I went to grammar school and once we were taking a test and I was copying this other kid's paper, and I guess the  teacher heard my xerox machine.  She said, "Emo, am I stupid or were you 
 cheating," and I said, "Ah, yes and no."  She sends me to the principals office and I get there and sit down and he looks at me and says, "Emo,  Emo, Emo."  I said, "I'm the one in the middle, you drunken slob."  He 
 said, "Emo, how would you like to repeat the fifth grade?"  I said, "I  don't know if I could do it exactly, but I could try."  He said, "I  could expel  you!" I said, "You'll have to catch and eat me first, ya 
 wierdo."  He  said, "Emo, you'll have to see the school psychologist."  And I said, "But why do I have to see the school psychologist?"  So he  showed me the petition.  So I went to the psychologist and he says, 
 "Emo, what does this inkblot look like to you?"  I said, "Well, it's  kind of embarassing."  He said, "Emo, everyone sees something silly.   Don't be embarassed.  Tell me, what  does this inkblot look like to 
 you?"  I said, "Well, uh, to me, um, it  looks like, uh, standard pattern  number 3 in the Rorshach series to test obsesive compulsiveness."  And  he got kind of depressed, so I said, "OK, it's a butterfly." And he 
 cheered up.  "And what does this inkblot look like?"  I said it looks  like a horrible, ugly blob of pure evil, that sucks the souls of men  into a vortex of sin and degredation."  He said, "No, uh the inkblots 
 over there, that's a photo of my wife you're looking at."  "oh, was I  far off?"  He said, "No, that's the sad part."  And he gave me a  chocolate easter bunny and I ate the bunny, then I thought, hey, this 
 isn't easter.  "Is this a test?"  And he said, "Yes."  "And what does it  mean?"  He said, "Had you eaten the ears first you would have been  normal.  Had you eaten the feet first you would have had an inferiority 
 complex.  Had you eaten the tail first you would have had latent  homosexual tendencies and had you eaten the breasts first you would have  had a latent oedipal complex."  "Well...go on, what does it mean when 
 you bite out the eyes and scream 'stop staring at me?'"  He said, "It  means you have a tendency towards self destruction."  I said, "Well, 
 what do you recommend?" He said, "Go for it."


[274]
A white guy and a polish guy are standing on top of a tall building.   The white  guy turns to the other and says, "You know, If you jump off 
this  building, there's an air pocket near the bottom, and it'll push you back up to the top before you hit the ground."
    The polack responded, "Wait a minute.  I hardly know you; you try it first!"
    So the white guy jumps off the building.  Sure enough, right before he reaches the ground, he pops all the way back up to the top of the building completely unharmed.
    "Shit!" says the polack, "I got to see that again."
    So the guy jumps off again, and like the first time, he pops back up to the top before he hits the ground.  "Your turn now.  Try it.  It's fun"
    The polish guy, now anxious to try it, jumps off.  He falls down toward the ground and then...  SPLAT!!
    Down on the street, there are two cops, and they hear the bone crunching sound.  "What was that?!" said one cop.
    The other one replied, "Oh, it's just Superman fucking with them 
polacks again!"


[275]
A drunk walks into a crowded bar and takes the last barstool next to an older woman.  After awhile, the woman starts to smell this horrible odor coming from the direction of the drunk.  She turns to him and says, "Excuse me Mister, but did you just shit yourself?"    The drunk replied, "Yes ma'am, I have indeed shit myself."
The woman says, "Well, why don't you go somewhere and clean yourself up?"
    The drunk says, "'Cos I'm not finished yet..."


[276] Q: Why haven't the Japanes bought Disneyland yet?
         A: They are still too short for the good rides.


[277]
Rob : Hei Bill, how have you been?
Bill: Well, Rob, I have had my ups and downs.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for my father died.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for he left me his farm and stock.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for all the cattle took ill and died.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for they were insured over value.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for the insurance company burst and the chairman blew
      his brains out.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for I married the widow.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for she is a woman with a very violent temper.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for she has a lot of money.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, `cause in one of her moods, she set fire to the house.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for she perished in the flames.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Yeah!


[278]
Santa drops down a chimney, and there in front of him is a barely dressed girl lying on the couch.
    "Stay a while..." she moans quietly.  
Santa looks at her and says "Ho Ho Ho, Gotta go, Got a lotta work to do, you know." and disappears up the chimney.

Next house, Santa drops in, and there is the daughter of the house, stark naked on the carpet, ready, willing and all too obviously very able.
    "Oh please, Santa, will you give me a very special Christmas present" she asks. 
To this Santa replies:  "Hay, Hay, Hay, Gotta stay, Can't get out the chimney with my dick this way."

[279]
 Once in the garden of Eden, Adam looked at Eve, and found she was missing
a cunt.  So he called the stork, and asked it to drill her a hole.
She was still missing the hair, Adam thought, so he called the skunk, ripped
off a piece of the animals hair, and placed it on Eve. Much better, but she was still very bloody in certain places. 
Therefore Adam threw her into the ocean. As she came out of the water a
herring fell out of her newly made hole. Today we can see that the stork has a red beak and that the skunk 
has a white back, but we have never found out whether a cunt smells like  
the herring or the herring smells like a cunt..

[280]
 A little girl is sitting on the sidewalk crying...A helpful man asks her :
    "Why are you crying, little girl ?"
    "My cat just had 3 beautyful kitties (is it the correct word ?) and my
     father killed them !!!"
    "Oh, I see, you wanted to keep them. But you know, 4 cats at home is
     difficult."
    "NO ! I wanted to kill them myself."
 

[281]
          Sex Life of an Electron
                  -----------------------
    One night when his charge was at full capacity, Micro Farad decided to get a cute little coil to discharge him.
He picked up Millie Amp and took her for a ride on his megacycle. The rode across Wheatstone Bridge, around the Sine
Wave and into a magnetic field next to a flowing circuit. Micro Farad, attracted by Millie's characteristic curves,
soon had her fields fully excited. He laid her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, lowered her resistance and
pulled out his high voltage probe. He inserted it in parallel and began to short circuit her shunt. Fully excited,
Millie cried "Ohm, ohm, give me more ohm!!" With his tube at maximum output and her coil vibrating from the current flow,
her shunt soon reached maximum heat. The excess current had shorted her shunt and Micro's capacity was rapidly discharged
and drained of every electron. They fluxed all night trying various connections and
hookups until his bar magnet had lost all of its strength and he could no longer generate enough voltage to sustain
the collapsing field. With his battery fully discharged, Micro was unable to excite his transformer, so they ended
up reversing polarity and blowing each other's fuses.

[282]
    One day the Holy Church of Whatever were sad because the same curch bell ringer they've had for 50 years died.  Now they had to find
a new one, so they put up postings that said  "Church bell ringer wanted.  Apply in person."
    So they wait and one day a man comes and applies.  "But you've got no arms."  said the preacher.  "Just give me a chance."  he says.
So they bring him up to the tower and say "OK, let's see what you can do."
    So the guy steps back a couple of feet and runs head first into the bell, and rings it.  The preacher is stunned because the guy
must've hurt himself, but he gets up and he's fine.
    "Not bad, but the bell is rung more than once, you'll kill yourself."   "No, man, watch this."   So the man runs back even
farther and again runs face-first into the bell, ringing it even louder.  The preacher's impressed, but still not sure.
    "OK, then, watch this, and you'll have to hire me."  So he runs back as far as he can go and starts running head first towards
the bell.  The preacher thinks this is far too dangerous and takes the bell and holds it out of the way.  Unfortunately, the guy doesn't see
the bell is gone and runs straight over the edge of the tower and falls to his death below.
When the cops arrive, they start asking questions from the preacher.  "Did you know the victim?"
    And the preacher replies,  "Well, I don't know his name but  his face 
rings a bell."

[283]
Q: What three rings can you be sure of in a marriage?
A: Engagement ring, marriage ring, and Suffer ring.

[284] 
Q: What's brown, twelve inches long, and has four wheels?
A: A foot-long turd...I was just shittin' you about the wheels...

[285]
  So this man is exploring in the jungle.  One day he wakes up and is surrounded by hundreds of bow&arrow-wielding natives. 
    He says, "Oh, God, I'm fucked."
    All at once he hears a voice from above boom down:"No, you're not.  I am God (as if you didn't notice).  Go ye unto the man at the
front there with the paint on his face, drive your Bowie knife through his heart, and he shall die."
    He runs up, stabs this guy, and sure enough, the guy dies.
    "Now what, God?" he asks.
    "Well, that was their chief.  NOW you're fucked."

[286]
Q: Why do women rub their eyes in the morning when they wake up?
A: cause, they don't have any balls to scratch!!
  
[287]
Q: What do you call Jeffrey Dahmer, David Koresh, and Mike Tyson?
A: A BUTCHER, A BAKER, AND A LICENSE PLATE MAKER!!!!  :)

[288] 
Q: Why do they slap babies when they are born?
A: It knocks the dicks off the dumb ones.

[289] 
Q: What's the difference between a Black person and a tire?
A: A tire doesn't sing when you put chains on it.

[290] 
A guy and his wife are riding horses in the country. As they ride along the
horse that the man is on stumbles. "That's once," say the man to the
horse. They ride along and 50 yards later the horse stumbles again.
"That's twice," the man says. The ride on and 50 yards later, the horse
stumbles yet again. "That's three times," says the man and he pulls out
a gun and shoots the horse. Well, the wife spits the dummy and starts
yelling at him calling him names. "That's once," the man says.

[291]
Q: What is it that no man wishes to have, yet no man wishes to lose?
A: A bald head. 

[292]
There was a man whose dick was so long, that when he fucked, it bent
in two,  and instead of coming he went!

[293] 
There were three Nuns sitting on a park bench, this guy comes up and  
flashes them. The first Nun had a stroke, the second Nun had a  
stroke, but the third Nuns arms were too short to reach!

[294]
So here I am, sitting at Bocci's after work. I'm sitting there
for about an hour, talking to a friend of mine, and out of the 
corner of my eye, I see this old man over by the door starting
to slip out of his stool, and he finally came to rest down by
the floor. I figure the right thing to do is go help him, so I
go down there and give him a hand up. He gets about halfway up,
and starts sliding down.
    "I think it's time for this one to go home," I tells the barten-
der. I ask the guy where he lives, and if he needed a ride home.
He says, "No, I don't have a car, but I only live about 4 houses
down." So, I get the address, and I start to help him off the
barstool, and we start heading out the door. "Vinnie!!" the bar-
tender yells out, but I just wave him off. "It's OK." I says.
"I'll be back in a couple of minutes." So we get close to the door,
and the guy's legs slip out from under him again, and I'm thinking,
"This dude's one fucked up unit!" We get out to the driveway, and
he slips not once, but 2 more times, and I'm getting frustrated.
So, I throw him over my shoulder, and carry him the remaining dis-
tance to his house. I knocks on the door, and his wife says, "Who
is it?"
    I says, "My name is Vinnie, and I brought your husband home." She 
opens the door, and I brush by her, and lay her husband on the
couch. He kind of slides over onto his side, one eye open, the other
mostly closed. There's spit running out the side of his mouth. I
look at the lady, and I say, "Lady, you really ought to talk to
your husband about his drinking."
    She says, "I intend to." Then she looks over my shoulder, and out
on the porch, and asks, "By the way, where did you put his wheel-
chair?"

[295]
 Q: Did you hear about the new sit-com about Lepers and Prostitutes?
         A: It`s called "Leave it in the Beaver."

[296]
4 stages of sex in marriage
 Stage 1 - Room sex 
You have sex in every room of the house.
 Stage 2 - Bedroom sex
You only have sex in the bedroom so the kids dont see.
 Stage 3 - Hall sex
You say "Fuck You" to each other as you pass in the hall.
 Stage 4 - Courtroom sex
You Fuck each other in divorce court.


[297]
There were two church-going women gossiping in front of the
country store when a dusty old cowboy rode up.  He tied up
in front of the saloon, walk around behind his horse, lifted
its tail and kiss the horse full on its asshole.

Repulsed, one of the women asked, "That's disgusting, why did
you do THAT?"

To which the cowboy reply, "I've got chapped lips."

Confused, the woman continued, "Does that make them feel better.

"No, but it stops me from licking them!"

[298]
An old wino was stumbling down the street when he came upon a biker bar.  He
decided to go in to spend his last dollar on a brew. 

At the bar he sat down next to a big old biker.  While he was drinking his brew
he kept eyeing the bowl of chili in front of the biker.  After about an hour,
he got up the courage to ask the biker if he could eat his bowl of chili since
the biker hadn't touched it.  The biker said, "Go ahead, man."

The wino ate all the chili and at the bottom of the bowl there was a turd.
When the wino saw the turd, he got sick and threw up in the bowl.  

The biker turned to him and said, "I did the same thing when I got to the 
bottom of the bowl, man."

[299]
IT'S A DOG'S LIFE

     Four union workers were discussing how smart there dogs were.

     The first, a United auto workers member said his dog could do math
  calculations. His dog was named T-square, and he told him to go to the
  blackboard and draw a square, a circle, and a triangle--which the dog
  did with no problem.

     the united steel workers members said he thought his dog was
  better. His dog, named sliderule, was told to fetch a dozen cookies
  and to divide tem into four piles of three--which sliderule did with
  no problem.

     The teamsters member said that was pretty good, but he felt his dog
  was even. His dog, named Measure, was told to get a quart of milk and
  to pour 7 ounces into a 10 ounce glass. The dog complied with
  precision.

     The three agreed that the demonstrations were pretty good, and that
  all the dogs were smart. They then turned to the fourth member and
  asked, "What can your dog do".

     The united mine workers member, who hailed from West Virinia,
  called his dog Coffee Break and said, " show the fellas what y'all can
  do".

     Coffee Break went over and pissed on the blackboard, ate all the
  cookies, drank all the milk, screwed the other three dogs; claimed he
  hurt his back,filed for workmans comp. and foodstamps: yapped about
  the unsafe workings conditions, and started a wildcat strike.

[300]
 Q: How are lawyers and sperm alike?
         A: They both have a one-in-a-million chance of becomming human.


 Q: Why are guys so smart and girls so talkative?
         A: Because guys have two heads and girls have four lips.



It does not matter what you have, but where you stick it.
It's not the size of the tower, but the amount of power.
It's not the size of the tool, but how you use it.
It's not the size of your wave that counts, it's the motion of the ocean.
It't not the meat, its the motion.  
It's not the size of the dick, but the ass that pushes it.
It's not the size of the boat, but the motion of the ocean.
Only bad musicians blame thier instruments.

  



 

The nine types of users
El Explicito - "I tried the thing, ya know, and it worked, ya know, but now it doesn't, ya know?"
Advantages:  Provides interesting communication challanges.
Disadvantages:  So do chimps.
Symptoms:  Complete inability to use proper nouns
Real Case:  One user walked up to a certain Armenian pod manager and said, "I can't get what I want!"  The pod manager leaned back, put his hands on his belt-buckle, and said, "Well, ma'am, you've come to the right place."

Mad Bomber - "Well, I hit ALT-f6, shift-f8, CNTRL-f10, f4, and f9, and now it looks all weird."
Advantages:  Will try to find own solution to problems.
Disadvantages:  User might have translated document to Navajo without meaning to.
Symptoms:  More than six stopped jobs in UNIX, a 2:1 code-to-letter ratio in WordPerfect
Real Case:  One user came in complaining that his WordPerfect document was underlined.  When I used reveal codes on it, I found that he'd set and unset underline more than fifty times in his document.

Frying Pan/Fire Tactician - "It didn't work with the data set we had, so I fed in my aunt's recipe for key lime pie."
Advantages:  Will usually fix error.
Disadvantages:  'Fix' is defined VERY loosely here.
Symptoms:  A tendancy to delete lines that get errors instead of fixing them.
Real Case:  One user complained that their program executed, but didn't do anything.  The scon looked at it for twenty minutes before realizing that they'd commented out EVERY LINE.  The user said, "Well, that was the only way I could get it to compile."

Shaman - "Last week, when the moon was full, the clouds were thick, and formahaut was above the horizon, I typed f77, and lo, it did compile."
Advantages:  Gives insight into primative mythology.
Disadvantages:  Few scons are anthropology majors.
Symptoms:  Frequent questions about irrelavent objects.
Real Case:  One user complained that all information on one of their disks got erased (as Norton Utilities showed nothing but empty sectors, I suspect nothing had ever been on it).  Reasoning that the deleted information went *somewhere*, they wouldn't shut up until the scon checked four different disks for the missing information.

X-user - "Will you look at those. . .um, that resolution, quite impressive, really."
Advantages:  Using the cutting-edge in graphics technology.
Disadvantages:  Has little or no idea how to use the cutting-edge in graphics technology.
Symptoms:  Fuzzy hands, blindness
Real Case:  When I was off duty, two users sat down in front of me at DEC station 5000/200s that systems was reconfiguring.  I suppressed my laughter while, for twenty minutes, they sat down and did their best to act like they were doing exectly what they wanted to do, even though they couldn't log in.

Miracle Worker - "But it read a file from it yesterday!"  'Sir, at a guess, this disk has been swollowed and regurgitated.'  "But I did that a month ago, and it read a file from it yesterday!"
Advantages:  Apparently has remarkable luck when you aren't around.
Disadvantages:  People complain when scons actually use the word 'horse-puckey'.
Symptoms:  Loses all ability to do impossible when you're around.  Must be the kryptonite in your pocket.
Real Case:  At least three users have claimed that they've loaded IBM WordPerfect from Macintosh disks.

Taskmaster - "Well, this is a file in MacWrite.  Do you know how I can upload it to MUSIC, transfer it over to UNIX from there, download it onto an IBM, convert it to WordPerfect, and put it in three-column format?"
Advantages:  Bold new challanges.
Disadvantages:  Makes one wish to be a garbage collector.
Symptoms:  An inability to keep quiet.  Strong tendancies to make machines do things they don't want to do.
Real Case:  One user tried to get a scon to find out what another person's E-mail address was even though the user didn't know his target's home system, account name, or real name.

Maestro - "Well, first I sat down, like this.  Then I logged on, like this, and after that, I typed in my password, like this, and after that I edited my file, like this, and after that I went to this line here, like this, and after that I picked my nose, like this. . ."
Advantages:  Willing to show you exactly what they did to get an error.
Disadvantages:  For as long as five or six hours.
Symptoms:  Selective deafness to the phrases, "Right, right, okay, but what was the ERROR?", and a strong fondness for the phrase, "Well, I'm getting to that."
Real Case:  I once had to spend half an hour looking over a user's shoulder while they continuously retrieved a document into itself and denied that they did it (the user was complaining that their document was 87 copies of the same thing).

Princess (unfair, perhaps, as these tend, overwhelmingly, to be males) - "I need a Mac, and someone's got the one I like reserved, would you please garrote him and put him in the paper recycling bin?"
Advantages:  Flatters you with their high standards for your service.
Disadvantages:  Impresses you with their obliviousness to other people on this planet.
Symptoms:  Inability to communicate except by complaining.
Real Case:  One asked a scon to remove the message of the day because he (the user) didn't like it.


From gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu Fri Nov 28 20:42:44 1997
Date: Sun, 23 Nov 1997 22:54:07 -0500
From: "G. Gollinger" <gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu>, 
    UNEXPECTED_DATA_AFTER_ADDRESS@.SYNTAX-ERROR.
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Re: need help ASAP

On Wed, 19 Nov 1997, madmac wrote:

> Tammy Reitzler wrote:
> > 
> > hi ya!!
> > 
> > i have lurked here for about a year and ran across a computer thing
> > with some type of title like "what they say and what they really mean"
> > 
> > i need it ASAP because i am going to be dealing with computer ppl
> > tomorrow on the phone and i need amunition with their smart ass remarks.
> > 
> > thanks in advance,
> > 
> > tammy
> subject:       Computer Acronyms
> 
> Understanding acronyms at a glance is a crucial skill in today's
> fast-paced, high-tech world!
> 
> Thus this list:
> ISDN		It Still Does Nothing
> APPLE		Arrogance Produces Profit-Losing Entity
> SCSI		System Can't See It
> DOS		Defective Operating System
> BASIC		Bill's Attempt to Seize Industry Control
> IBM		I Blame Microsoft
> DEC		Do Expect Cuts
> CD-ROM	Consumer Device, Rendered Obsolete Monthly
> OS/2		Obsolete Soon, Too.
> WWW		World Wide Wait
> MACINTOSH	Most Applications Crash; If Not, The Operating System Hangs     
> PENTIUM	Produces Erroneous Numbers Through Incorrect Understanding of Math
> COBOL		Completely Obsolete Business Oriented Language
> AMIGA		A Merely Insignificant Game Addiction
> LISP		Lots of Infuriating Silly Parenthesis
> MIPS		Meaningless Indication of Processor Speed
> WINDOWS	Will Install Needless Data On Whole System
> MICROSOFT	Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software Only Fools Teenagers

ATM	Another Technical Mistake
FDDI	Fuckin' Dickheads Designed It
ADA	American Defense Atrocity
HP	Headache Producer
SUN	Save Users Now!
SGI	Seymour Gave In [Seymour Cray]
LINUX	Linus's INoperable Unix eXcuse
BSDI	Bill Sucks Dick Interminally
MAC	Mindlessly Acting Computer
NeXT	Never Even eXperienced Trials
ODBC	Odiously (or Obviously) Designed By Committee
APL	A Programming Languish
PERL	Programming Entirely Redundant Lists
AWK	Another Weird Kludge
NT	Neanderthal Technology
PASCAL	Particularly Asinine, Sorry, Cruddy, Atrophied Language


G. Gollinger
http://keystone.westminster.edu/~gollingj (Now with JavaScript!)
gollingj {at} keystone {dot} westminster {dot} ee-dee-you
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
considered a criminal offense.
					- Edsger W. Dijkstra



From gwlucky@aol.com Wed Feb 25 23:36:56 1998
Date: 4 Feb 1998 21:31:06 GMT
From: GWLucky <gwlucky@aol.com>
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Accounting


What's the definition of an accountant?
Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't 
understand.
     
What's the definition of a good tax accountant? 
Someone who has a loophole named after him.
     
What's an auditor?
Someone who arrives after the battle and bayonets all the wounded.
     
Why did the auditor cross the road?
Because he looked in the file and that's what they did last year.
     
There are three kinds of accountants in the world. Those who can count 
and those who can't.
     
An accountant is having a hard time sleeping and goes to see his doctor. 
"Doctor, I just can't get to sleep at night."
"Have you tried counting sheep?"
"That's the problem - I make a mistake and then spend three hours trying 
to find it."
     
there once was an economist named Wayne, 
who's fringe theories were considered insane, 
with the markets in recession,
his life was an obsession,
to prove that a loss was a gain.
     
Q.  What's the difference between the short and long income tax forms? 
A.  If you use the short form, the government gets your money.
If you use the long form, the accountant gets your money.
     
A lawyer and an accountant are fishing in the Caribbean. The lawyer 
says, "I had a terrible fire; lost everything. Now the insurance 
company is paying for everything and that's why I'm here." The 
accountant says, "What a coincidence. I had a terrible flood; lost 
everything. Now the insurance company is paying for everything and 
that's why I'm here." The lawyer turned to him with confusion and says, 
"How do you start a flood?"
     
An accountant dies and goes to Heaven. As he is met by St Peter, he starts 
whining that at 37, he's much too young to die.  St. Peter replies "That's 
impossible!  According to your time sheets you must be at least 97! "


Copyright 1991 Patrick D. Scannell
Used by Permission

                       "Relativity"

                         PART ONE
 
Meanwhile, in another part of the forest, the top physicists
in the universe (plus a couple of programmers) struggle to
perfect "Dynamo Ada", the very thing on which the future of
the company hangs like a terminal.  The vice president of
the division has bicycled in for a conference with the scientists,
to be briefed on the progress of this critical
project.  (Later, he will attend a meeting of the board of
directors, where he will criticized on the progress of this
brief project.)
 
"How are things progressing?"
 
"Well, not so hot.  We have in fact produced an Ada a
zillion times faster (approximately) than any previously seen, but
there is a slight technical glitch when we actually try to run it."
 
"What kind of glitch?"
 
"Well, it has to do with the Theory of Relativity.  The new Ada
compiler is so fast that it begins to approach the speed of
light."
 
"Are you fellows trying to befuddle me with technical jargon?"
 
"Oh, no sir.  You're befuddled enough to suit us just as you
are.  Now as I was saying, when something begins to approach the
speed of light, there are some relativistic effects.  The mass of
an object is affected, but more importantly time begins to run
slower.  The effect, which is called time dilation, has never been
used in any commercial product except ketchup."  The Vice President was
now beginning to show great interest -- not in the scientist's
explanation, but in a piece of lint on the sleeve of his jacket.
 
"For instance, if a rocket travels to another star at nearly the
speed of light, the trip might seem to take a hundred years to an
external observer, but the occupants of the rocket would only
perceive it as having taken ten years, and would only age ten
years."  The Vice President was nodding now.  Soon he would be
completely asleep.
 
They entered the next room, where a programmer sat before a
terminal, completely immobile.  He did not even appear to be
breathing.  "This man is compiling a five-million-line program
using Dynamo Ada.  From his point of view, the compilation takes
forty-two seconds.  But for an external observer, like us, almost
two days have passed."
 
"Very interesting, very interesting," said the Vice President.  "Is it
time for lunch yet?"

                         PART TWO
                    (two years later)

Scene: the same research installation.  The Vice
President of Bizarre Products Development has arrived to discuss
a matter of great importance.  He is met by Zeke Einstein, a
double Ph.D. in Quantum Physics and Computer Science, who escorts
him into the building.
 
"I was afraid you wouldn't be here," says the V.P.  "I thought
the company had stopped doing pure research."
 
"Oh, we don't do pure research here.  We do 80% research and 20%
playing practical jokes on each other."
 
"By the way, what on earth have you got all over your forehead?"
 
"We'll get to that.  Over there is Biff Einstein.  He's our top
man in computer relativity."
 
"Is everybody here named Einstein?"
 
"No, but whenever we get a chance to hire a physicist named
Einstein, we do it, just to be on the safe side.  Over here is
Bill Blooper.  He's the Director of the research center."
 
"Guten tag," said Blooper.  "Ich bin Ein Stein."
 
"Einstein?  I thought you said his name was Blooper!"
 
"His NAME is Blooper, but he thinks he's a German beer mug.  He's
completely mad, of course, but that's just what it takes to stay on
the cutting edge of today's fast-moving technology.  Now, you wanted
to talk about relativistic computer technology?"
 
"Yes.  I don't know too much about it, so I'd appreciate it if
you'd fill me in."
 
"I thought your organization had already developed a product
based on the technology.  That was almost three years ago, wasn't
it?"
 
"That's true, but I wasn't in charge when it started, so I'm not
clear on all the concepts.  The only engineer who really
understands it is currently finishing up the Unit Test, so
naturally he's a bit difficult to talk to right now ..."
 
"Well, let me start at the beginning.  You're aware of the fact
that all data is composed of quantum particles, which sometimes
act like waves, in a manner similar to photons?"
 
"You mean bits?"

"Well, not quite.  The particulate nature of data means that
you can never have one and a half bits of information; it has
to come in quantum-sized packets.  The term "bit" refers to
the measure of information, but the subatomic particles
themselves are generally called logons or offons.  Now, the fact
is that logons travel at the same speed as light.  For instance,
when data is passed through a wire, even though the individual
electrons propogate along the wire very slowly, the data itself
moves at light speed."
 
"That doesn't sound reasonable."
 
"Well, I can demonstrate it to you quite easily.  Here, hold this
wire."
 
"What are you -- Yow!  You gave me a shock!"
 
"Well, yes, of course.  But how FAST did you get it?  One of the
new technologies we're investigating is the possible
existence of an anti-logon particle.  If it exists, we would be
able to construct retroactive memory chips with an access time of
up to negative 30 microseconds."
 
"And if such a particle doesn't it exist?"
 
"Well, we'll have to invent one.  That will more expensive,
of course."
 
"I don't seem to be getting all this."
 
"Well, of course not.  As I said, information particles behave a
lot like photons.  For instance, a mirror reflects almost all of
the light that hits it, whereas a black surface absorbs almost
all of it.  In the same way, different materials reflect or
absorb data particles at different rates.  The human head, we have
found, is one of the most perfect data reflectors in the universe.
However, just let me put some of this data-absorbing paint on your
head and you'll begin to understand me much better."
 
"Careful.  This is a brand new suit."
 
"Oh, it washes right out, don't worry.  Now, I was saying that
with an anti-logon particle we would be able to construct memory
devices with negative access times."
 
"There would have to be some programming changes there, to allow
for reading data out before it's been written."
 
"Now you're getting it."
 
"Can I have some of this paint to take back with me?  I know some
people who could use it."

"Of course.  That reminds me.  One other thing I've been warning
people about. We're now entering an era where gigabytes of memory
are not uncommon."
 
"Yes?"
 
"We're not certain yet, but we're afraid that a large enough
gathering of logons in very close proximity may cause it to reach
critical mass."
 
"What happens then?"
 
"We don't know.  It could mean another Big Bang.  Or the
formation of some sort of object similar to a black hole, from
which no data ever escapes."
 
"But what about relativistic programming?  We're getting off the
subject."
 
"Well, the thing of it is that at a high enough computational
speed, you get effects similar to those produced by an object
moving at close to light speed.  Time dilation and so forth."
 
"That's why it's taking so long for this Unit Test phase, as I
understand it."
 
"Exactly.  To the tester himself, things seem to be going along
quite quickly.  But to an outside observer, it seems to be moving
very slowly.  Time proceeds at different rates.  Probably the
developer himself appears smaller."
 
"Well, I didn't know him before, but these days he's about two
feet tall, so I suppose you're right.  Anyway, what I came here
to discuss is the possibility of producing more products using
the technology."
 
"Why would you want to, if you can't get them out the door?"
 
"Well, the customers seem to be impressed with them, as long as
they're affected by this relativity thing.  The only real problem
has been test time.  And we think we have a solution to that."
 
"Yes?"
 
"Rigorous code inspections.  If we remove all the defects by
inspection, we don't have to do much testing, and we can ship the
products the same century we build them.  Do you see any potential
problems with that?"
 
"Well, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle would seem to imply
that, if you know the value assigned to a logon, it may be
impossible to determine for certain that a program assigns the
value you wanted."

"But does the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle apply to data
particles?"
 
"I'm not certain."
 
"Is there anything else you want to tell me?"
 
"No.  Let me know how you make out with your new products."
 
"Certainly.  And let me know when you find an anti-logon."
 
"Actually, since it will allow us to print and mail the report
before we write it, you may know about it before we do."
 
"That's enough.  I've got to get back to the office."
 
                             THE END


From ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca Mon Mar  9 11:51:55 1998
Date: Fri, 27 Feb 1998 18:31:33 GMT
From: Dark Shadow <ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.humor, alt.humor, rec.humor, rec.humor.d
Subject: Advice

TOP TIPS


Weight watchers.  Avoid that devilish temptation to nibble at the
chocolate bar in the cupboard or fridge by not buying the fucking
thing in the first place, you fat bastards.


Dyslexics.  Try deliberately spelling words wrongly.  This way at
least you have a chance of spelling them correctly.


Bearded men can obtain the appearance of an upper class Arctic
explore by simply applying Tippex to their beards, painting their
noses blue, and cutting off a couple of toes.  It never fails to 
impress the girls.


Give up smoking by sticking one cigarette from each new pack up a
fat  friend's arse, filter first, then replacing it in the box.
The possibility of putting that one in your mouth will put you off
smoking any of them.


Pretend to be Welsh by putting coal dust behind your ears,
talking gibberish and singing all the time.


If a small child is choking on an ice cube, don't panic. Simply
pour a jug of boiling water down its throat and hey presto!  The
blockage is almost instantly removed.


Avoid cutting yourself while clumsily slicing vegetables by
getting someone else to hold them while you chop away.


Housewives: When nipping out to the shops, remember to carry a
stiff broom in the boot of your car. Use it to sweep the broken
glass to the side of the road every time you have a minor accident.


Make people think you have an expensive car phone by calling
them, asking them to repeat everything they say and then hanging up
half way through their reply.


Don't invite drug addicts round for a meal on boxing day. They
may find the offer of cold turkey embarrassing or offensive.


Keep the seat next to you on the train vacant by smiling and
nodding at people as they walk up the aisle.


Save on booze by drinking cold tea instead of whisky. The
following morning you can create the effects of a hangover by
drinking a thimble full of washing up liquid and banging your
head repeatedly on the wall.


Make bathtimes as much fun for kiddies as a visit to the seaside
by pouring a bucket of sand, a bag of salt and a dog turd into the
bath.


Make guests believe your home might be bugged by running your
hands under tables and inside lampshades, then turning the shower
on every time you want to speak.


Increase blind people's electricity bills by switching all their
lights on when their guide dog isn't looking.


Recreate the fun of a visit to a public swimming pool in your own
home by filling the bath with cold water, adding two bottles of
bleach, then urinating into it, before jumping in.


Make your girlfriend cry when you're having sex by phoning her up
and telling her.


Girls.  Too old to go on an 18 to 30 holiday?  Simply get pissed,
lie in  a sand pit in your garden and shag every bloke who looks at
you over the fence.


Bus drivers.  Pretend you're an airline pilot by wedging your
accelerator pedal down with a heavy book, securing the steering
wheel  with some old rope, and then strolling back along the bus
chatting casually to the passengers.


International master criminals.  Tell your guards to shoot James
Bond in the head at the first opportunity.  Under no circumstances
give him a guided tour of your base, or leave him in the custody of
attractive women in bikinis.







Aliens Take Over Earth   
 

Two alien badasses landed in Kansas recently, their names were Quark
and Mquark. They were advance
scouts for their empire's invasion fleets.

Unfortunately they landed near a small town on an early sunday
morning. They got out od their
spacecraft slowly and looked at all the wheat fields around them.
Looking for someone to threaten,
coerce or harass, they saw the buildings of the town in the distance
and started walking...

Not having done any sort of target research before landing they
approached a newspaper box next to the
deserted street.

Quark assumed it was an earthling and walked up to it, pulling a gun
out of his belt holster as he
approached...

"Okay earthling, take us to your leader!" Quark said angrily. "If you
don't I'll blow your ass away with
my nasty ass ray gun!" He waved his gun in front of the poor newspaper
box.

Of course, the newspaper box just sat there.

Quark shot it with the ray gun and that sunday's edition blew into
more than a million specks of paper
dust.

Mquark shook his head in disgust and then started walking down the
street. Quark holstered his pistol
and followed him.

They came upon a coke machine.

"This must be an earthling." Mquark said. "See, it's humming
slightly." Quark just nodded.

Mquark pulled out his gun and walked up right in front of the machine.
"Okay earthling, we're here to
take over. So take us to your leader!"

The coke machine just sat there, it's power supply humming very
quietly.

Mquark grew a little irate. "Look asshole!" He yelled at the coke
machine. "Take us to your leader right
goddamned now or I'm gonna blow your shit away with my nasty ass ray
gun!" The coke machine just
sat there. Mquark pulled the trigger and the coke machine
disintegrated in a most satisfying explosion.

They decided to keep looking. Now almost to the edge of town Quark and
Mquark see a gas station, not
yet opened for business. Quark stops immediately, a look of suprise on
his face. Mquark ignores him and
walkes up to one of the gas pumps, pulling out his ray gun as he
approaches.

"Okay, " Mquark starts out. "This may be your planet's last chance!
Take me to your leader or I'm
gonna get violent."

"Wait a minute." Quark calles out.

"Oh shut up!" Mquark shoots back at him. "Can't you see that threats
are the only thing these earthlings
are gonna understand?" He turns back to the gas pump.

"Okay now. If you don't take me to your leader right now I'm gonna
blow your shit away with my nasty
ass ray gun!"

The gas pump just sat there.

Mquark shot the gas pump - the resulting explosion was quite
impressive. Mquark and Quark got blown
through the air - almost all the way back to their spaceship.

Quark got up first, and started to brush the soot and wheat off his
uniform, shaking his head slowly.
Mquark stayed on the ground for a moment, shaking his head to clear
it. Finally he looked up at Quark,
"How, did you know to be wary of that dude?"

Quark thought a moment before answering. "Man, I make it a rule -
never fuck with anybody that wraps
his dick around his waist twice and then sticks it in his ear." 
******************************************************

jolly@shore.net

For this and other Humor Files visit Jokes for the Jolly a humor archive at:

http://www.cyberhighway.net/~transnet/humor.htm

I haven't lost my mind - It's backed up on tape somewhere...

1. A HIGHER INTELLIGENCE...
AT&T fired President John Walter after nine months, saying he lacked
"intellectual leadership." He received a $26 million severance package. 
Perhaps it's not Walter who's lacking intelligence.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
2. WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM OUR FRIENDS!
Police in Oakland, California spent two hours attempting to subdue a gunman
who had barricaded himself inside his home. After firing ten tear gas
canisters, officers discovered that the man was standing beside them,
shouting "Please come out and give yourself up".
    -------------------------------------------------------------------
3. WHAT WAS PLAN B???
An Illinois man pretending to have a gun kidnapped a motorist and forced
him to drive to two different automated teller machines. The kidnapper then
proceeded to withdraw money from his own bank accounts.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
4. THE GETAWAY!
A man walked into a Topeka, Kansas Kwik Stop, and asked for all the money
in the cash drawer. Apparently, the take was too small, so he tied up the
store clerk and worked the counter himself for three hours until police
showed up and grabbed him.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
5. DID I SAY THAT???
Police in Los Angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just
couldn't control himself during a lineup. When detectives asked each man in
the lineup to repeat the words, "Give me all your money or I'll shoot," the
man shouted, "that's not what I said!"
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
6. ARE WE COMMUNICATING??
A man spoke frantically into the phone, "Her contractions are only two
minutes apart! "Is this her first child?" the doctor asked. "No!" the man
shouted, "This is her husband!"
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
7. NOT THE SHARPEST KNIFE IN THE DRAWER!!
In Modesto, CA, Steven Richard King was arrested for trying to hold up a
Bank of America branch without a weapon. King used a thumb and a finger to
simulate a gun, but unfortunately, he failed to keep his hand in his pocket
 (helllllloooooooooo!).
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
8.THE GRAND FINALE
Last summer, down on Lake Isabella, located in the high desert, an hour
east of Bakersfield, California, some folks, new to boating, were having a
problem. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn't get their brand new
22-ft. Bayliner to perform. It wouldn't get on a plane at all, and it was
very sluggish in almost every maneuver, no matter how much power was
applied. After about an hour of trying to make it go, they putted over to a
nearby marina, thinking someone there could tell them what was wrong. 
A thorough topside check revealed everything in perfect working order. The
engine ran fine, the outdrive went up and down, the prop was the correct
size and pitch. So one of the marina guys jumped in the water to check
underneath. He came up choking on water, he was laughing so hard. Under the
boat, still strapped securely in place, was the trailer.

This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
you, and I'll think about returning your call.

Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG...  Er, no
diplomats are able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist
tone, leave name, telephone number, and short description of
secrets you wish to sell.

(In a bored voice:)  Heaven, God speaking...

Lucifer speaking.  Who in hell do you want?

Greetings, you have reached the Sixth Sense Detective Agency.
We know how you are and what you want, so at the sound of the
tone, please hang up.

Sherwood Forest.  Which dear do you want?

Hello, this is the Brown residence.  We're in the middle of a
family fight right now.  Leave your name and number at the beep
and whoever wins will call you right back.

My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll
leave your name and number, we'll get back to you as soon as
we're finished.

Please leave your name, phone number, the time you called, and
your favorite color of underwear.  We'll get back to you if we
like the color.

Hello.  I'm home right now but cannot find the phone.  Please
leave a message and I will call you up as soon as I find it.

You have reached 843-4734.  Please hold while I process your
call.  (Pause.)  Our extremely sophisticated computer system
performed a trace on your number and was able to match it with
our list of important callers.  None of our staff is authorized
to speak with you except for Fred, who is not here right now.
Please leave your name phone number and a brief message at the
tone.  Thank you for calling and have a nice day.

I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
something about myself.  Thanks.

(Thug voice:)  Uh, hello, Mike and Brian aren't here right now.
They've been kidnapped!  So at the beep, leave your name, your
number, your message, and ten thousand dollars in a brown paper
bag.

(Italian Mafia-style voice:)  I can't come to the phone right
now.  Me and Guido are trying to stuff a body in the trunk.  I
think we're going to have to size it a little...  (Aside:)  HEY
GUIDO!  GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name and a
message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, you'll
hear from Guido!  (Laughter.)

Leave a message or I'll send 30,000 volts through your phone.
I am an electrical engineer.  I can do that.

My time is billed at $125 per hour.  Please begin your message
with your MasterCard or Visa number, card type, and date of
expiration.  I'll get back to you pending credit approval.

(A busy signal.)  -- Steven Wright

(Recorded directly from AT&T:)  We're sorry, but the number you
dialed is disconnected or no longer in service.

We're sorry.  You have reached an imaginary number.  Please
rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.

You have reached the number you have dialed.  Please leave a
message after the beep.

Hello.  (Pause.)  Hello?  (Pause.)
Hello!  (Pause.)  No, it doesn't look as if I'm in right now.
Maybe you should leave a message or call me back later.

You have reached 555-6238.  Why?

From a Wisonsonite's point of view. . .
 
 The recent heat wave reminded me of the following that I had.  So if you are
 sick of the heat, just think, in 90 days it will be snowing (here, at any rate)
 
 
 
 How cold is it?
 An annotated thermometer
 
 
 40    - Californians shiver uncontrollably, Wisconsinites go swimming
 
 35    - Italian cars don't start
 
 32    - Water freezes
 
 30    - You can see your breath
            You plan your vacation to Australia
            Politicians begin to worry about the homeless
 
 25    - Boston water freezes
            Californians weep pitiably, Wisconsinites eat ice cream
            Cat insists on sleeping on your bed with you
 
 20    - You can hear your breath
            Politicians begin to talk about the homeless
            New York City water freezes
 
 15    - You plan a vacation in Mexico
           Cat insists on sleeping in your bed with you
 
 10    - Too cold to snow
            You need jumper cables to get the car going
 
  5    - You plan your vacation in Houston
 
  0    - American cars don't start
          Too cold to skate
 
 -5    - You can cut your breath and use it to build an igloo
 
 -10   - Cat insists on sleeping in your pajamas with you
            Politicians actually do something about the homeless
 
 -15   - Too cold to think
            You need jumper cables to get the driver going
 
 -20   - You plan a two week hot bath
           The Mighty Monongahela freezes
           Japanese cars don't start
 
 -25   - Californians disappear, Wisconsinites button top button
 

Complements of NAC-Jack BBS from USENET

----------------------------------------------------
Last week I requested answering machine messages.  Here are the ones I've
gotten so far:

[I haven't posted names of originators because I'm lazy and editing this was 
already a pain.  Sorry.]

Ron

----------------------------------------------------
This is one of my old ones that got a lot of laughs:


<Phone Rings>

Noisy pick-up of phone

Uh...<wisperingly> Hello?

Hi, I 'm a burgular and I was just about to steal Troy's answering machine.
If you give me your name and number I'll..uh, I'll post it on the 'frige
where he'll see it.  Uh.. by the way, where did you say you live?

----------------------------------------------------
But right now I'm using "This is a boring answering machine message.
Leave a message anyway." because I'm sick of people ringing the phone
at 10am just so they can hear the clever messages I usually have, and
then hanging up without even leaving a "like your message" message.
Feh!

----------------------------------------------------
[Must have good Australian accent]
G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now because I'm a bit tied up with
this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and I'll get back to you.

----------------------------------------------------
This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word
is supercilious                                                 ...}

----------------------------------------------------
The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave your name,
phone number, the name of the country you wish to invade, and the secret
password.

----------------------------------------------------
Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal,
and Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.

----------------------------------------------------
Also, on the subject of answering machins, my favorite tape was:
"This is Jeff, you're not in now so I'll leave a message."
Really confused people.

----------------------------------------------------
A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
future....

------------------------------------------------
Hello.  I can't come to the phone now because--HEY, GEORGE!  DON'T STAND
ON THAT--goddam.  ...because I've invited George and Barbara Bush over
<loud music cuts in>...BARBARA!  HEY!  DON'T FUCK WITH THAT!...over for
dinner.  After the tone...BARBARA, CALL YOUR DOG...MILLIE! DOWN GIRL!
...shit...Leave a message after the tone...HEY, FUCKHEAD...<beep>

------------------------------------------------
Hello.  Lindsey's not home now--this is his domestic droid speaking.
I'm not programmed to answer the phone, so just leave a message, and
Lindsey will get back to you as soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
"Hi! You have reached 579-7599.  This is an answering machine.  This is the
Eighties.  You know what to do."

------------------------------------------------
My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll leave
your name and number we'll get back to you as soon as we're finished.

------------------------------------------------
Ring, Ring:
The number you have xxx-xxxx (your number) has been changed, the
new number is xxx-xxxx (again, your number). CULATA!

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, and welcome to Answering Machines of the Rich and Famous!  
(your name here) can't come to the phone right now, because he's
spending the week in his beautiful summer home on the French Riviera..."

------------------------------------------------
One day I had a borrowed Casio sampler toy and used it to create a
rather interesting one:

Hello. You have reached Tooooommmmmm Tom Tm! Tom and
MaMaMaMarMMMMaark's room. Tom is studying ssttuuddyyiinngg sssssssssssss
and MaMark isn'isn'isn'isn't here. isn't here. P-P-Pleas! leave a
messssssssage. Goodbye. 'bye! bye!bbyebybyyeyeyebbye  {byes repeating
at all different pitches}

------------------------------------------------
Last year my roommate had a machine but he hated to make the outgoing
message. Stage fright, I guess. So I usually made them. One that we
usually used during exam time was:

{background music: Billy Joel's _Pressure_ very loud}
Hello. You have reached Tom and Mark's room. We're a little busy now...
{ BJ screams PRESSURE!!! }
So, leave a message and we'll get back to you someday after (exam end
date)
{ BJ: ONE TWO THREE FOUR PRESSURE!!! followed by a very out-of-tune BEEP! }

------------------------------------------------
My favorite message that I ever had was the *real* message I recorded
off 1-800-CALL-SPY, the U.S. army snitching network. Try it, its a great
recording (call after 5 pm for the message).

[Give it try!  -pZ]

------------------------------------------------
<Ring>
In the background can be heard springs creaking and various moans.

<Husky, Soft female voice is best> Hi,... You've just reached {name} pleasure
palace. We're all busy as I'm sure you can tell but when we're done... we'll 
get back to you in whatever way we can. <Beep>

You wouldn't believe how much explaining my mother wanted on that one...

------------------------------------------------
    [b.g. music is frantic, violin oriented]
    "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.  we are currently unable to answer
    because we are either chasing, or being chased by, bats.  please leave
    a message..." etc.

------------------------------------------------
    [the quiet, eerie vocal part of 'hello, earth' by kate bush]
    (after about 30 seconds): "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.
    we can't come to the phone right now because we're at vespers.
    please leave a message..." etc. (30 more seconds of music before 
    the beep.)

------------------------------------------------
(Spoken in a granny voice)

"Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like
no ansherin' machine.  You jusht had to call and call until shummbody
got home.  Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay
it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage.  Thanksh a
lot."

Must be spoken in a drawl.

------------------------------------------------
Well, this isn't strictly from an answering machine, but...
>From Calvin and Hobbes:

(phone rings)
(you answer)  Hello, this is <...> speaking.  I'd like a large pizza
with extra anchovies.
(other person)  What?
(you reply)  Oh, sorry, I must have a wrong number.
(hang up)

Make everyone's day a little more surreal.

------------------------------------------------
"I'm home right now . . . I'm just screening my calls.  So just start talking
and if you're someone I want to speak to I'll pick up the phone.  Otherwise,
well, what can I say?

------------------------------------------------
In Japan, the hand can be used like a knife.
[sound effect: Heeeeee-YAH!, smashing box of kleenex]
But this method doesn't work with a telephone call...
[sound effect: dial tone]
Introducing the all-new GINSU answering machine! It cuts, it chops, 
it slices, it dices your incoming calls!  How much would you pay?
Don't answer, because if you leave your name and number when you
hear the tone, we'll throw in a return phone call ABSOLUTELY FREE!

------------------------------------------------
"Hi, you have reached .... Please leave your name, phone number and a
message and if we like it we will return your call".

------------------------------------------------
However, the most effective one I have had so far can be used only one day
per year: "This is David.  I'm not using the phone over Yom Kippur, so please
leave a message or call back after the holiday."  No one wants to admit not
having realized it was Yom Kippur or not knowing I would pick one holiday from
the whole calendar on which to get observant, so everyone hangs up and leaves
me no bad news or requests for favors.

------------------------------------------------
"This is David.  Talk."

------------------------------------------------
"Hi.  This is David.  I've shut the ringers off on my phones and taken a
sedative.  As soon as I finish this recording I'm going to bed indefinitely.
When I wake up I'll play my messages.  Please leave one."

------------------------------------------------
[with a kazoo band playing "Thus Spake Zarathustra" in the background...]
"Thinking you were making an ordinary phone call, you have instead
reached..." [YA-DAAAAAAAAA!] "...the ANSWERING MACHINE!  Leave your name
and number, and we will get back to you as soon as we can."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, this is Dr. Pangloss.  If this were the best of all possible worlds,
I could come to the phone right now, but I can't, so if you could leave your
name and number..."

------------------------------------------------
     "Hello?" <pause for a few seconds> "Sorry, he's not here right now,
but if you leave a message, he'll get back to you."

------------------------------------------------
(woman taped off a "phone sex" service)

WOMAN : (seductively) Hi.  I'm Linda.  You know, it can be really lonely
when you're a fashion model.  Sometimes I just have to ...

YOU : (interupting) Oh cmon, Linda, give me the damn phone..
(then ask for a message)

------------------------------------------------
Just after the earthquake a friend of mine put on his answering machine:

     "Hi, this is Jeff.  We can't get to the phone right now because we
were killed in the Earthquake.  Tragic, isn't it?  But, leave a
message anyway, someone is sure to get it eventually."  BEEP

My favorite post quake message:

    "Hi, we're not in cause we're out LOOTING!
     Leave a message and we'll call you back and tell you what we got."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, I'm not hear right now.  In fact, I'm out getting a new parakeet.
 If you leave a message after the beep, I'll be sure to get back to you.
 Oh, and by the way, a word of advice; never try to clean a parakeet cage
 with a vacuum cleaner."

------------------------------------------------
Ring...click....(sound of loud music in background)...Hello? - just
a second while I turn the stereo off (sound of person running to
click off music, which gets quiet.  sound of person running back
to phone) OK, sorry about that, hi there, who's this...well hi!...
uh huh...yeah...well listen you're talking to a machine, so please
leave a message and I'll call you back.

(this ran for a while until a friend threatened to kill us after
she said she had a 2 minute conversation with the machine.)

------------------------------------------------
     I worked for a bit in the coastguard in Wales and I used to send weather
reports to other bases, using a sort of antique FAX machine. I would call
first on a special telephone and then send the data. They used to answer the 
phone with:
    " Epicentre of the Universe, God speaking."
    " Hartland home for lost whores."  (that was Hartland CG) 
    " Da, zis iz Ivan: do you have zee secret information, Boris?"
    " Pentagon command: transmit destruct sequence (pause) sequence correct:
        T minus one minute and counting"
     And then there was one phone we didn't use, with a number one off that of 
the local take-out.  With my, non-British, accent I had some great fun with 
that phone.
     "Starship Enterprise, Uhura here, can you hold please?  -- Captain, there 
is a transmission coming in on hailing frequency seven, do you want it on 
screen?" (silence...click)
     "Van
couver coastguard, may I help you."  British long distance rates are
phenomenonal and I had this poor dude sputtering with horror that he had 
managed to make a long distance call by dialing five digits.

------------------------------------------------
A friend was at a mutal friend's sister's house, and when she went out for
beer, he changed her answering machine message.  In a loud, deep, gravely,
horror-film voice he recorded, "HI, THIS IS KATHY, I'M NOT MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
IF YOU LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER, I'LL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN I'M FEELING
BETTER."

------------------------------------------------
    Hi this is <name>. I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now.
    Leave a message and then wait by the phone until I call you back.

------------------------------------------------
In the background can be heard Gregorian Chant or some other church music
<In a soft voice> Good Day My child, you have reached {name} dial a confession.
At the tone if you will leave your name, number and short confession I will get
back to you with your pennance. Thank you and may God go with you. <Beep>

------------------------------------------------
"Steve has been captured by a flying saucer and can't come to the phone
right now, but if you leave your name, phone number, and a message I'll
have him call you back as soon as he gets away.  Read all about it in
next week's National Enquirer."

------------------------------------------------
"Steve is reassembling Elvis' brain and can't come to the phone right
now, but if you leave your name ...", etc.

------------------------------------------------
(Annoying flute music in background)
Good day, Jim.  Your contact, [insert name], is not available right now.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to leave your name, 
number, and a brief message at the tone.  This tape will self-destruct
in thirty seconds.
Good Luck, Jim.

------------------------------------------------
A friend of mine at school has this message, read by three people while
the STAR TREK theme plays in the background.
     1:  Room 17, the final frontier.
     2:  These are the messages of Chad's answering machine.  Its 2 semester
         mission:  to seek out your name and your telepohne number.
     3:  To boldly inform you to wait for the tone.

------------------------------------------------
    "Finally get an answering machine. Now how does this thing work? Hmmm.
Press record button, I did that, and the light should be on. I wonder why it's
not working right. Hmmmm, I wonder what this button does......"

------------------------------------------------
    "This is (#include phone.addr). We are not ... excuse me a moment,
please. Put your sister down. PUT YOUR SISTER DOWN! (sound of window breaking)
Great! What a mess. I'll have to get back to you later."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello.  I'm David's answering machine.  What are you?"

------------------------------------------------
Steve:  Hello.  Steve and Matt aren't here right now but if...
Matt:  Steve, what are you doing?
Steve:  I'm leaving a phone message since we aren't here.
Matt:  But you left the last one -- it's my turn.
Steve:  No, I'm sure it's my turn.
Matt:  No, you're incorrect.  It's definitely my turn.
Steve:  You fool.  I know it's ... wait ... Matt ... what are you doing
    with that frying pan?!?
  BONK [really loud thud]
Matt:  Steve is out right now, so please leave your name and number.

------------------------------------------------
[imitating Mr. Rogers]
"Hello.  I'm in the Magic Kingdom right now, so I can't come to the phone.
Can you leave your name and number when you hear the sound of the tone?
Sure...I knew you could." <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
[imitating Ensign Chekov]
"Oh, sair...it was *Khan*!  He made us say things...do things...he
kept us from answering the phone!  But Keptin was strong, and if you
leave your name and number, Keptin will get back to you as soon as
he can!"  <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
"You have reached the <city>,<state> Strategic Air Command Nuclear
Missle Storage Facility.  We are unable to come to the phone right
now.  At the tone, please leave you name, number and target or list of
targets and we'll launch as soon as we can.  And have a nice day."

------------------------------------------------
"We are unable to come to the phone right now.  At the tone, please
leave your name, number, and Master Card, Visa, or American Express
account number and we'll get back to, pending credit approval."

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, this is Jim. Unfortunately I can't answer the phone right now
  because I've just come back from the Mirror Worlds and I'm still made 
  up of antimatter, so if I were to pick up the phone right now, the 
  resulting energy release would make Hiroshima look like a wet firecracker.
  So leave a message at the tone and I'll get back to you as soon as my
  component particles have been restored to their normal charges."

------------------------------------------------
 "Speak, worm!" <beep>
  Works best if done in a Darth Vader voice.

------------------------------------------------
 "You know what to do at the tone." <beep>

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello?" <beep>
  This confuses anyone who doesn't know you.

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, I'm not here." <beep>
  A friend of mine used this one last summer. I always answered it with
  "Okay, that's all I wanted to know."

------------------------------------------------
   Hi!! You've reached Janet and Chris's room. We're not in right now.
If this is our parents, we're at the library studying. Yeah, yeah,
that's it, that's the ticket. If this is John (Chris's boyfriend), Chris
is out with the girls at the party. Yeah, that's it. If this is any one
else, we're at a party and you're not. Yeah, a party with the president.
Yeah and the .... pope. Yeah that's it. <beep>

------------------------------------------------
One voice:  I didn't expect an answering machine.

Another voice: 
           Nobody expects an answrering machine.
           Our chief use is to get your name. And phone number.
           Our two chief uses are to get your name and phone number. And
               message.  (damn)
           Our three uses are to get your name, phone number, and
               message.   And time you called.
           Oh, damn, we'll have to start over. No--no time for that, so
               just wait for the beep. 

------------------------------------------------
(in an Italian mafia-style tone:)
"Hello.  I can't come to the phone right now.  Me and Guido are trying to
 stuff a body in the trunk.  I think we're going to have to size it a
little... <aside> HEY GUIDO! GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name
and a message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, _you'll_hear_
from_Guido! ( a little laughter )...  "
------------------------------------------------
(To the tune of "Heartbreak Hotel" with appropriate instrumental accompaniment)
I just left home baby
I'll be out fer a spell
and if you don't leave a message baby
you can go to <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
Hello, this is <insert your name here>.  I'm home right now, and in
a few moments, I'll have a decision to make.  
BEEEP!

------------------------------------------------
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" in the background.]
    You've reached the residence of John and Tom.  We can't
    come to the phone right now, because we're cleaning the
    refrigerator.  Please leave your name and number, and
    we'll get back to you.
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" continues until the beep.]

------------------------------------------------
Hi!  John's answering machine is broken.  This is his
    refrigerator.  Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick
    your message to myself with one of these magnets.

------------------------------------------------
One of my favorites had this very exciting scary music, along with a
kitten crying in the background, and the voice goes:

The machine answering this message is connected to a 5000 volt power
supply, and a relay which is wired to this small kitten.  If you hang up
before you leave a message, it will complete the circuit and will fry
the kitty.  The choice is YOURS....   BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
------------------------------------------------
FOXTROT-LIMA-ALPHA-SIERRA-HOTEL.  KEY-DESTRUCT-SEQUENCE-NOW.
THIS-TERMINAL-ALSO-ACCEPTS-VOICE-MESSAGES......         ~~~

------------------------------------------------
    Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.
    Today's commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...  er...  bear
    a...  er...  shalt not witness thy...  uh...  neighbor's ass,
    oh, I mean, false...  er...  shalt not commit a bear...  dern...

------------------------------------------------
    How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand
    the instructions.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens
    if I touch this... YOW!!
------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come
    to the phone now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording
    this message, but I'm doing this NOW, while you're listening to
    it LATER, except for you I guess it's NOW, like, when you're
    listening to it...  I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This is so
    confusing.
------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now, so...  hey -- that's a nice phone
    you have there.  Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet
    you have answering machines bothering you all the time...  yes
    indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call sometime and we can
    listen to some old recordings...  I might even play my beep for
    you...

------------------------------------------------
    Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
    Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
    it!...  Don't...!

------------------------------------------------
    After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left
    the money.  I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to
    come out of hiding.

------------------------------------------------
    Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting
    down to test:  5...  4...  3...  2...  1...

------------------------------------------------
    As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on
    reality.  You begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...  the
    telephone is next to an answering machine...  you hear a faint
    click and a light flashes on the answering machine...  you hear
    a beep...

------------------------------------------------
    You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel
    very sleepy now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and
    your ability to resist suggestions.  When you hear the tone you
    will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a
    message.

------------------------------------------------
    No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!
    Please!  Not the beep!  Anything but the beep!
    AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
------------------------------------------------
    This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine
    Broadcast System.  This is only a test.

------------------------------------------------
    Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin
    Dvorak.  This is the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72...

------------------------------------------------
    [Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"]
    Leave a message...  leave a message...  etc.

------------------------------------------------
    Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone
    right now, so after the tone, please leave your name and number,
    then talk briefly about your childhood and tell me what comes to
    mind when you hear the following words:  orange...  mother...
    unicorn...  penis.  I'll get back to you with my diagnosis as
    soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
    [For Shakespeare lovers only]
    So long as phones can ring and eyes can see,
    So leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.

------------------------------------------------
    [VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal.
    [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that.

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the
    basement printing up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If
    you need any money, or if you just want to check out my
    handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how much cash you
    need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
    Treasury, please ignore this message.

------------------------------------------------
    Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's
    not here right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and
    confession at the tone, he'll get back to you with absolution as
    soon as possible.  And remember, confession doesn't count unless
    you confess all of your sins in vivid, graphic detail!

------------------------------------------------
    Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15
    minutes.  Well, your 15 minutes was last week, but since you
    weren't ready, we gave it to Vanna White.  Sorry.

------------------------------------------------
    C'mon...  you can do it...  just a little one.  That's the
    way...  just a little beep, just a little one.  C'mon...  good
    boy...  here we go...  like this -- beeeeep, just a little one,
    beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...  There you go!

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
    stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
    you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
    something about myself.  Thanks.

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my
    brain.  Leave a message anyway, and after the alien beings
    assume my shape, one of them will get back to you.

------------------------------------------------
    Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes
    are busy.  After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll
    have an asshole return your call as soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
Ok, One more time...
This is our answering machine...
This is the message on our answering machine...
...Any questions?

------------------------------------------------
    Hi, can I speak to Mark?...Oh, there isn't?...I'm sorry,
    I must have dialed the wrong number.

------------------------------------------------
    <beep, beep, beep>
    The number you have reached,
    Seven.  Six.  Seven.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.
    [Use your number here.]
    has not been disconnected and is still in service.
    Please leave a message at the sound of the tone.

------------------------------------------------
HANS: This is Hans

FRANZ: And this is Franz, and we just want to...

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

HANS: But we are not at home, you know

FRANZ: Ya, we are gone

HANS: If you want us to...

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

HANS: You will leave a message after the beep

FRANZ: If you don't leave a message, then you are Girlyman.

HANS: Ya, Girlyman.  And we don't talk to Girlyman, you know

FRANZ: So leave a message and we will call to..

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up 

------------------------------------------------
"Hello!  This is 1-800-PRESLEY -- Yes!  1-800-PRESLEY!

They say the King died 10 years ago, but we know he's still out there
somewhere.  So . . . leave your name and number and tell us where
*YOU* saw Elvis!"

------------------------------------------------
       "Hi, you've reached 1-900-CALL-BREN, my personal message line where
        you can talk to me, Bren.  I'll tell you all about how I'm suffering 
        in between sports seasons and about my part time hobby of being a 
        power forward for the Portland Trailblazers.  I'll tell my deepest 
        secrets, such as my desire to be kidnapped by short blonde sorority
        girls wearing short jean skirts, and you can decide whether or not
        I'm wearing pants.  Selected callers will get to talk to me live.
        Since you're not one of them, leave your own personal secret at the
        beep. "

------------------------------------------------
 In a vaguely phoneco-operator voice: "I'm sorry, you have reached an
imaginary number. Would you please rotate your telephone by ninety
degrees and try your call again."
  
   A few people even got the joke...

------------------------------------------------
"You have just dialed into the North American Air Defense Contract Center.
Stand by at the tone to give coordinates and destination of incoming bogey.
TNR Surveillance will scramble. If you do not respond, this unit will assume
incoming, non-important."

------------------------------------------------
"Sherwood forest, which dear do you want?"

"Lucifer speaking, who in the hall do you want?"

"Heaven, God speaking."

"Bridge, Kirk here."

 "City Morgue, you kill 'em, we chill 'em; You stab 'em, we slab 'em!"

------------------------------------------------
"Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG... Er, no diplomats are
able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist tone, leave name,
telephone number, and short description of secrets you wish to sell."

------------------------------------------------
"I've set up my answering machine so that when anyone calls, they
   here a busy signal."

------------------------------------------------
If you are a burgler, then we are probably at home but can't come
        to the phone right now
Otherwise, we probably aren't at home.

------------------------------------------------
The number you've dialed is purely imaginary, multiply by i and dial again!

------------------------------------------------
     This is you-know who.
     We are you-know-where.
     Leave your you-know-what you-know-when.

------------------------------------------------
    " I'm Morley Safer."
    "I'm Harry Reasoner."
    "I'm ........
    "And I'm" <the guy whose answering machine it was>
    " We're not home; leave a message."

      He had taped the audio of the beginning of 60 minutes; it sounded
    very funny.

------------------------------------------------
"Greetings.  You've reached Ghengis Kahn's Pornographic Films 
Unlimited.  Fabian, Pat, Rex and Mike are still conducting screen 
tests with potential leading ladies to star opposite the late John 
Holmes in our upcoming feature film "It's Not the Size That Counts but 
Whether or Not You're Alive to Use It."  If you're interested in a
screen test, or even if you're not, please leave us your name, age,
phone number, measurements, cup size, a brief summary of your work
experience, both off and on the screen, and a brief summary of your
favorite fantasy involving four men, a pair of handcuffs, and a tub of
Cool Whip.  Thank you for calling." 

------------------------------------------------
Another one I've done more than once is to slowly increase the pitch
and speed of my voice while recording the message to make it sound
like the machine is broken: 

(start, low pitch, slow)
"Hhhhheeelllllloooooo thheeeerrrrrrre evvvvveerrrryyyboooodyyyy....

(middle, normal)
..home of Veronica, Jaw-Chyi, Mark and Mike. Nobody's home...

(later, high pitch, fast)
..butifyou'dliketoleaveamessageafterthetonethen...

(end, incomprehensible chipmunk gibberish)
..kkfjdkeirucjkljfkldjrioutjkjfdskoreudjfkleqBEEP!"

------------------------------------------------
    This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
    thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
    name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
    you, and I'll think about returning your call.

------------------------------------------------
    "E'llo."
    "My name is Inigo Montonya."
    "You killed my father."
    "Leave your name and number, and prepare to die."  
    <beep>

------------------------------------------------
My favorite that I have heard as an answering machine message is also
from this movie.  My friend recorded the section that goes something
like:

    "I'm writing the definative work on pain, and I would like you
to tell me how the machine makes you feel.  Remember, be honest.  This
is for posterity."

------------------------------------------------
The message I currently have on my recorder is the output from my Amiga's
speech sythesizer.  It's set up as a dialog between two distict, but
recognizably artificial voices.  I thought it sort of mediocre myself, but
have gotten quite a number of amused comments about it.
-----
1> Hello, there are no real people here to answer the phone right now.

2> Yeah, nobody but us machines!

1> Right, just us machines, but don't hang up!  If you like, you can leave
   your name and telephone number...

2> ...and a message!  You forgot about the message!

1> Right.  Leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message after you
   hear the beep, and we will keep track of this stuff until the real people
   get back.

2> ...unless of course, sombody pulls out our plug!

------------------------------------------------
I taped theoperator saying "we're sorry.  The number you have reached
has been disconnected or is no longer is service..."

------------------------------------------------
 From Halloween this year:

    (Ominous electronic background music.)

    Hi, this is Jim. In honor of Halloween, I'm about to perform
    an unspeakable pagan ritual. So please leave a message. Oh,
    unless you're a virgin, in which case, why don't you stop by?
    SINT MIHI DEI ACHERONTIS PROPITII...

------------------------------------------------

    (French monologue in the background)

    Around the world today, millions still speak French as either
    a first or second language. But with your continued support
    and help, we can wipe out French in our lifetime. Please leave
    a message in English at the tone, and remember, if someone
    tries to speak French to you, just say, "non".

------------------------------------------------

    Hi, this is Jim. Welcome to my Fun Phone Line, where you can
    talk to my answering machine for only $.95 per minute! Please
    leave your credit card number at the tone...

------------------------------------------------

    Hi, this is Jim. Thanks for calling during my spring pledge
    drive. A basic membership is only $30, and a $60 pledge gets
    you an "I love Jim Shea" T-shirt. Please wait for the tone,
    and thank you for your pledge.

------------------------------------------------

(click) "You have reached the CPX-2000 Voice Blackmail System.  Your
    voice patterns are now being digitally encoded and stored for
    later use.  Once this is done, our computers will be able to
    use the sound of _your_ voice for literally thousands of illegal
    and immoral purposes.  There is no charge for this initial
    consultation, however our staff of professional extortionists
    will be contacting you in the near future to further explain the
    benefits of our service, and to arrange for your schedule of
    payment.  Remember to speak clearly at the sound of the tone.
    Thank you."  (BEEEEEEEEEEEP)

Message: Hi this is Craig's car phone.  Craig's at home now, so you can try
calling him there or leave a message after the beep.

Caller's message:  Hmmm.  Car phone!?!  I'll call back later when your out.

Every now and then we are all pestered by these high-tech telemarketing
companies where the sales pitch is usually disguised as a survey of some kind.
The despicable thing about these things is that they won't leave you
alone. If you hang up, they will just call back again.
 
One day my wife got a call from one of these computer systems, and her
answering machine answered. The conversation that followed was
hilarious, as it consisted of two machines talking to each other
without having the slightest idea about what each other was saying.
The conversation wound up in an endless loop, as follows:
 
[PHONE] *RING*
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "...At the tone, please give your message.
BEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Hello. This is [company_name], and we are taking a telephone 
survey ... when I ask a question, wait for the beep, then please
speak plainly.  I will repeat your answer back to you, and verify it.
First, what is your phone number? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
(The answering machine, upon hearing the beep, got confused and thought
 
it was a play-back command, and generated another beep in response.)
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Your phone number was 443-28347-47756-377764-22222.
Is that correct? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any children? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] Thank you! What is the age of your first child? BEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Your first child is 1,222 years old. Is that correct?
BEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[---------------  BEGIN ENDLESS LOOP ----------------]
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any more children? BEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! What is this child's age? BEEEP." 
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[PHONE] "This child is 4,233 years old. Is that correct? BEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[---------------------END LOOP -----------------------]
 
My wife, upon noticing that the answering machine had been going for
over half an hour, turned up the volume to find out what was going on.
When she discovered this endless loop (by now she had over 200 children,
all over 1,000 years old), she switched off the answering machine. The
computer never called again.

----------------------------------------------------
     I had a friend who liked to play with the phones.  He got his girlfriend
to sound like an operator and make a tape saying:
     "I'm sorry, the number that has dialed you is not in service.  Will
      you please hang up and let it dial again...<crackle> I'm sorry, the..."
     He had a lot of fun calling people up and playing it.

----------------------------------------------------
I once answered the phone as follows.
" San Luis Obispo Police, Sergeant McCallahan here, may I help you?"
After about five seconds of dead air, I heard a click.  About five minutes
later, the phone rang again.  This time my roomate answered.  It was the same
person that had called a few minutes earlier.  It turned out that the long 
delay between calls was due to the fact that he had to mooch a quarter for his
next call.  He was at a public phone booth and had used his last quarter to
call us.  I don't think he talked civil to me for a week...

----------------------------------------------------
     My grandmother had been bothered by calls coming in after midnight,
waking her, and forcing her out of bed and across the house to answer. 
Invariably, they were from the same man, seemingly slightly intoxicated, 
with bar-crowd noises in the background. He wanted to speak to Peggy, 
whoever that was, and my grand mother would tell him there was no Peggy 
living there, and that he must have the wrong number. But he wouldn't 
believe her, and kept insisting, begging, pleading, etc. to talk to 
Peggy. My Grandmother would have to just hang up finally.
     This went on for a few days, and late one night, when the phone rang,
my Grandfather held back his wife, and said, "I'll take care of this", and
got out of bed to answer the phone. The ensuing conversation was short and
quick, and went something like this:
     "Hello?"
     "Hello, Can I speak to Peggy?"
     "No, I'm sorry, she can't come to the phone right now-- she's nursing 
the baby."

----------------------------------------------------
Here's my favorite, for calling large offices and idiots-in-general: 
"Hello, is this the person to whom I am speaking?"

----------------------------------------------------
     My solution is upon realizing that I'm talking with a "telemarketing
representative", I ask:  "Are you a telemarketer?"  The answer
(suprisingly) is usually yes.  I then go into a sales pitch to
sell a (nonexistant) telephone ear-cusion.
     I insist that every telemarketer must have one for safety and comfort.
     Eventually, they'll forget to try selling me anything.

----------------------------------------------------
A recent posting by Duke McMullan requested ways to repel telephone 
solicitors.  My friend Pepe Tres from Texas told me this one and gave 
permission to post it:
     "My time is billed at $125 per hour.  To continue this 
     conversation, I must have your MasterCard or Visa number, card 
     type and date of expiration."
Pepe says it usually leaves them speechless.  One guy replied, "Hey, 
that's good; I'll have to remember it."  Once a supervisor of 
telephone solicitors called back and asked him if he was "some kind of 
high-powered lawyer."
----------------------------------------------------

Everybody gets and dials wrong numbers. It's good to be nice about it. What
goes around comes around, right? so, I try to reassure the apologetic and
embarrassed wrong dialers that will actually converse once the error is
discovered, with it going something like this:

caller w. wrong number: "Gee, I'm sorry..."
me:                     "That's OK, I was going to pick up the phone anyway.."

----------------------------------------------------
How about the 'Fraudian Slip Answer'? Like this:

<Whoever> here. What can I do to-----I MEAN-----FOR you?

----------------------------------------------------
Try the following next time the phone rings:

You (when you answer):  Hello, is Jimmy there?

Caller: No, I'm afraid you have a wrong number.

You: Oh.  Sorry.

Caller: No problem... (click)


How to be Annoying

  1.  Drum on every available surface.
  2.  Remove every line of someone's .newsrc file except the entry for
     alt.sex.fetish.hamster.duct-tape.
  3.  Sing the Batman theme incessantly.
  4.  Staple papers in the middle of the page.
  5.  Ask 800 operators for dates.
  6.  Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copy warnings.
  7.  Sew anti-theft detector strips into people's backpacks.
  8.  Hide dairy products in inaccessible places.
  9.  Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page.
 10.  Specify that your drive-through order is "to go".
 11.  Set alarms for random times.
 12.  Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public
     consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."
 13.  Buy large quantities of mint dental floss just to lick the flavor
     off.
 14.  Order a side of pork rinds with your filet mignon.
 15.  Instead of Gallo, serve Night Train next Thanksgiving.
 16.  Leave your Nine Inch Nails tape in Great Uncle Ed's stereo, with the
     volume properly adjusted.
 17.  Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a "croaking" noise.
 18.  Honk and wave to strangers.
 19.  Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange.
 20.  Change channels five minutes before the end of every show.
 21.  Tape pieces of "Sweating to the Oldies" over climactic parts of
     rental movies.
 22.  Wear your pants backwards.
 23.  Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their
     complementary mints by the cash register.
 24.  Begin all your sentences with "ooh la la!"
 25.  Rouse your roommates from slumber each morning with Lou Reed's "Metal
     Machine Music".
 26.  Leave someones printer in compressed-italic-cyrillic-landscape mode.
 27.  ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE.
 28.  only type in lowercase.
 29.  dont use any punctuation either
 30.  Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole
     streets.
 31.  Pay for your dinner with pennies.
 32.  Tie jingle bells to all your clothes.
 33.  Repeat everything someone says, as a question.
 34.  Write "X - BURIED TREASURE" in random spots on all of someone's
     roadmaps.
 35.  Inform everyone you meet of your personal Kennedy assasination/UFO/
     OJ Simpson conspiracy theories.
 36.  Repeat the following conversation a dozen times:
     "Do you hear that?"
     "What?"
     "Never mind, it's gone now."
 37.  Light road flares on a birthday cake.
 38.  Wander around the restaurant, asking other diners for their parsley.
 39.  Leave tips in Bolivian currency.
 40.  Demand that everyone address you as "Conquistador".
 41.  Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly.
 42.  At the laundromat, use one dryer for each of your socks.
 43.  When Christmas carolling, sing "Jingle Bells, Batman smells" until
     physically restrained.
 44.  Wear a cape that says "Magnificent One".
 45.  As much as possible, skip rather than walk.
 46.  Stand over someone's shoulder, mumbling, as they read.
 47.  Finish the 99 bottles of beer song.
 48.  Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.
 49.  Pretend your mouse is a CB radio, and talk to it.
 50.  Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of
     your chin. When nearly done, announce "no, wait, I messed it up", and
     repeat.
 51.  Drive half a block.
 52.  Name your dog "Dog".
 53.  Inform others that they exist only in your imagination.
 54.  Ask people what gender they are.
 55.  Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think."
 56.  Lick the filling out of all the Oreos, and place the cookie parts
     back in the tray.
 57.  Cultivate a Norwegian accent. If Norwegian, affect a Southern Drawl.
 58.  Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was a
     "real hoot".
 59.  Routinely handcuff yourself to furniture, informing the curious that
     you don't want to fall off "in case the big one comes".
 60.  Sculpt your hedges into anatomically suggestive shapes.
 61.  Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch
     with a can of Lysol.
 62.  Deliberately hum songs that will remain lodged in co-workers' brains,
     such as "Feliz Navidad", the Archies' "Sugar" or the Mr Rogers theme
     song.
 63.  While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a
     parakeet.
 64.  Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day.
 65.  Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.
 66.  Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September.
 67.  Change your name to John Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being
     first in the phone book. Claim it's a Hawaiian name, and demand that
     people pronounce each A.
 68.  Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see
     if they slow down.
 69.  Chew on pens that you've borrowed.
 70.  Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people
     play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.
 71.  Wear a LOT of cologne.
 72.  Ask to "interface" with someone.
 73.  Listen to 33rpm records at 45rpm speed, and claim the faster speed is
     necessary because of your "superior mental processing".
 74.  Sing along at the opera.
 75.  Mow your lawn with scissors.
 76.  At a golf tournament, chant "swing-batatatatatata-suhWING-batter!"
 77.  Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with
     prophesy".
 78.  Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your "imaginary friend".
 79.  Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem doesn't rhyme.
 80.  Ask your co-workers mysterious questions, and scribble their answers
     in a notebook. Mutter something about "psychological profiles".
 81.  Incessantly recite annoying phrases, such as "sticky wicket isn't
     cricket."
 82.  Stare at static on the tv and claim you can see a "magic picture".
 83.  Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times.
 84.  Scuff your feet on a dry, shaggy carpet and seek out victims.
 85.  Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing
     awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any
     moment.
 86.  Never make eye contact.
 87.  Never break eye contact.
 88.  Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your
     ears.
 89.  Construct elaborate "crop circles" in your front lawn.
 90.  Construct your own pretend "tricorder", and "scan" people with it,
     announcing the results.
 91.  Give a play-by-play account of a person's every action in a nasal
     Howard Cossell voice.
 92.  Holler random numbers while someone is counting.
 93.  Make appointments for the 31st of September.
 94.  Invite lots of people to other people's parties.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author unknown 

	       APARTMENT FOR RENT

  A prosperous and somewhat amorous businessman propositioned a beautiful
chorus girl of well proportioned figure to spend the night with him for
$500.00.  When he was ready to leave the next morning, certain things having
transpired, he told her that he didn't have that much money with him, but he
would have his secretary mail her a check for it, made out for RENT ON
APARTMENT, to avoid embarrassment.

  On the way to the office however, after thinking the matter over, he decided
the night hadn't been worth what he had agreed to pay, so he had his secretary
send a check for $250.00 instead, and enclosed the following explanatory note:

	Dear Madam,

	Enclosed is the check in the amount of $250.00
	for rent on your apartment.  I am sending this
	amount instead of the amount originally agreed
	upon, because when I rented this apartment, I
	was under the assumption that . . .

	1)  It had never been occupied.

	2)  There was plenty of heat.

	3)  That it was small.

	Last night, I found that it had been occupied
	many times, that there wasn't much heat, and
	that it was entirely too large.

  Upon receipt of the note, the girl immediatly returned the check, with this
note .	.  .

	I am returning your check for $250.00.	I can not
	understand how you could expect such a beautiful
	apartment to remain unoccupied.  As for the heat,
	there is plenty of it if you just know how to
	turn it on.  As for the size, it's not my fault
	if you didn't have enough furniture to fill it.


No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!  Please!  Not the
beep!  Anything but the beep!  AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
-------------
This is the National Security Emergency Password Notification Network.  To
initiate destruct sequence, call the CIA with today's password.  Today's
password is BABY BOOTIES.
-------------
You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel very sleepy
now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and your ability to resist
suggestions.  When you hear the tone you will feel helplessly compelled to
leave your name, number, and a message.
-------------
As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on reality.  You
begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...the telephone is next to an answe
ring machine...you hear a faint click and a light flashes on the answering
machine...you hear a beep....
-------------
Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting down to
test:  5...4...3...2...1...
-------------
[OFFENSIVE TO MORMONS. Funny if you've been accosted by elders on bikes.]
Thanks for calling the Brigham Young School for Semi-Formal Bicycle Racing.
We can't come to the phone now because we're out proselytizing heathens, so
please leave your name and number.
-------------
After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left the money.
I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to come out of hiding.
-------------
The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave your name,
phone number, the name of the country you wish to invade, and the secret
password.
-------------
Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!  Don't you beep!
 If you beep, I'll...don't even think about it!....Don't....!
-------------
I can't come to the phone now, so...hey--that's a nice phone you have there.
 Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet you have answering machines
bothering you all the time...yes indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call
sometime and we can listen to some old recordings...I might even play my beep
for you...
-------------
This is the Metropolitan Opera Amateur Audition Hotline.  After the tone,
sing Vesti la Giubba and La Donna e Mobile....
-------------
I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come to the phone
now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording this message, but I'm
doing this NOW, while you're listening to it LATER, except for you I guess
it's NOW, like, when you're listening to it...I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This
is so confusing.
-------------
How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand the instructions
.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens if I touch this...YOW!!
-------------
This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word is
acetylcholinesterase {or clitoris, or scaphoid, or arrhenotky...}
-------------
Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.  Today's
commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...er...bear a...er...shalt not
witness thy...uh...neighbor's ass, oh, I mean, false...er...shalt not commit
a bear...dern...
-------------
[Must have good Australian accent] G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now
because I'm a bit tied up with this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and
I'll get back to you.
-------------
[Note the spelling in this one!] After the tone, please leave a massage--my
shoulders really could use it, and, what?  You're only supposed to leave a
MESSAGE?  Darn....
-------------
Bwana fella no home now, so you fella leave talkie-talk.  Bwana 'im big fella
mek talkie-talk back real fas'.
This is not an answering machine--this is a telepathic thought-recording
device.  After the tone, think about your name, your reason for calling, and
a number where I can reach you, and I'll think about returning your call.
-------------
Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes are busy.
After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll have an asshole return
your call as soon as possible.
-------------
I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my brain. Leave
a message anyway, and after the alien beings assume my shape, one of them
will get back to you.
-------------
Thank you for calling Santa's workshop.  Santa can't come to the phone right
now, and the elves are out back barbecuing Blitzen.  After the tone, please
your Christmas list, and maybe we'll get back to you!
-------------
I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel stupid
talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if you could help me
out by leaving my name and telling me something about myself.  Thanks.
-------------
C'mon...you can do it...just a little one.  That's the way...just a little
beep, just a little one.  C'mon...good boy...here we go...like this--beeeeep,
just a little one, beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...There you go!
-------------
Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. Well,
your 15 minutes was last week, but since you weren't ready, we gave it to
Vanna White.  Sorry.
-------------
Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's not here
right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and confession at the tone,
he'll get back to you with absolution as soon as possible.  And remember,
confession doesn't count unless you confess all of your sins in vivid,
graphic detail!
-------------
A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
future....
-------------
I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the basement printing
up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If you need any money, or if you
just want to check out my handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how
much cash you need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
Treasury, please ignore this message.
-------------
Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal, and
Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.
-------------
[VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal. [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't
do that.
-------------
[For Shakespeare lovers only] So long as phones can ring and eyes can see, So
leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.
-------------
[Carefully modulated English accent, like Alex in _A Clockwork Orange_] Oh,
my brothers and only droogs, your poor narrator's not in now--he's out on his
oddy-nocky looking for a bit of pretty polly--some young devotchka with
horrorshow grooties.  Leave thy message after the malinky beepie-weep, and
I'll get back to thee later, righty-right.
-------------
Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone right now, so
after the tone, please leave your name and number, then talk briefly about
your childhood and tell me what comes to mind when you hear the following
words:  orange...mother...unicorn...penis.  I'll get back to you with my
diagnosis as soon as possible.
-------------
[Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"] Leave a message...leave a
message....etc.
-------------
Thanks for calling the Suicide Hotline.  At the tone, your telephone will
explode, sending fragments of metal and plastic deep into your brain....
-------------
Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin Dvorak.  This is
the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72....
-------------
This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine Broadcast System.
This is only a test.
-------------

                     PROFUNDITIES, WITTICISMS AND GENERAL WISDOM



It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
Addendum; a Smith and Wesson beats four aces.  (Canada Bill Jones)

***
A pipe gives a wise man time to think
  And a fool something to put in his mouth.

***
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.

***
Whatever goes around, comes around.

***
There is only one right way for a machine to run.  The number of
ways it can go wrong is so infinite that every operating
engineer lives in constant terror.

***
            ON WAR

Don't rejoice at the defeat, you men,
  Now that you have killed the bastard.
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.

***
ON DYING - REMEMBRANCE

Bring back my name
  On wings of flame.

Winds of the plains,
  Dance once for me.

***
                      SOULS

They will come back - come back - as long as the red earth rolls.

He never wasted a leaf or a tree.  Do you think he would
squander souls?

***
               COLDƒ IRON

Gold is for the mistress - silver for the maid -
  Copper for the craftsman, cunning at his trade.
But Iron - Cold Iron - is master of them all.

***
The number of people who agree or disagree with you has
absolutely no bearing on whether you're *right*.  The universe
has a way of deciding that for itself.

***
The truth of any proposition has nothing to do with its
credibility...and vice versa.


                     ARISTOCRAT'S CODE

The last thing you want is an educated, affluent and emancipated
population.  Power hinges on the restriction and control of
wealth.  Science and technology offer unlimited wealth.
Therefore, science and technology have to be controlled.
Knowledge and reason are enemies.  Myth and unreason are the
weapons you fight them with.

***
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people.

***
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as
well.

***
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.

***
Men rarely, if ever, manage to dream up a god superior to
themselves.  Most gods have the morals and manners of a spoiled
child.

***
Place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the
dark.

***
An Elephant;  A Mouse built to government specifications.

***
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are
wiser than one man. How's that again?  I missed something.

***
Autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than
a million men.  Let's play that over again too.  Who decides?

***
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.

***
Money is the sincerest form of flattery.
Women love to be flattered.
So do men.

***
You live and learn.  Or you don't live long.

***
Only a sadistic scoundrel - or a fool - tells the bald truth on
social occasions.

***
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax
collectors - and miss.

                     PRIESTS

The profession of shaman has many advantages.  It offers high
status with a safe livelihood free of work in the dreary, sweaty
sense.  In most societies it offers legal privileges and
immunities not granted to other men.  But it is hard to see how
a man who has been given a mandate from on High to spread
tidings of joy to all mankind can be seriously interested in
taking up a collection to pay his salary.  It causes one to
suspect that the shaman is on the moral level of any other con
man.  But it's lovely work if you can stomach it.

***
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills.

***
'Go to hell!' or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy
question rates.

***
A man does not insist on physical beauty in a woman who builds
up his morale.  After a while he realizes that she *is*
beautiful - he just hadn't noticed at first.

***
Natural laws have no pity.

***
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.

***
Political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat,
populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are
never basic criteria.  The human race divides politically into
those who want people to be controlled and those who have no
such desire.  The former are idealists acting from the highest
motives of the greatest good for the greatest number.  The
latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in
altruism.  But they are more comfortable neighbors then the
other sort.

***
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.  All other
'sins' are invented nonsense.  (Hurting yourself is not sinful -
just stupid.)

***
Certainly the game is rigged.  Don't let that stop you.  If you
don't bet, you can't win.

***
Delusions are often functional.  A mother's opinions about her
children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam,
keep her from drowning them at birth.

***
Never appeal to a man's better nature.  He may not have one.
Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.

***
You can have peace,  or you can have freedom.  Don't ever count
on having both at once.

***
A woman is not property.  Husbands who think otherwise are
living in a dreamworld.

***
Stupidity is not a sin.  The victim can't help being stupid.
Stupidity cannot be cured with money, or through education, or
by legislation.  But stupidity is the only universal capital
crime. The sentence is death;  there is no appeal, and
execution is carried out automatically and without pity.

***
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts 'Of course
it's none of my business but...' is to place a period after the
word 'but'.  Don't use excessive force in supplying such morons
with a period.  Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure
and is bound to get you talked about.

***
Formal courtesy between husband and wife is even more important
than it is between strangers.

***
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet
then your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.

***
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.

***
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to
make it come true.  You may have to work for it though.

***
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is
finished;  If you're alive, it isn't.

***
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.

***
There is no limit to how gently you can apply a big hammer, but
there definitely is to how hard you can hit with a small one.

***
Hey, shit happens!

***
Let he who doubts the existence of God observe the workings of
our Government, then ponder the fact that mankind survives and
prospers.

***

From: 01ksdavis@leo.bsuvc.bsu.edu (Rebel without a clue.)
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Answering machine messages (huge)
Message-ID: <1992Nov13.130624.11874@bsu-ucs>
Date: 13 Nov 92 18:06:24 GMT
Organization: The Corporation.
Lines: 1272


	I had extracted this about almost a month ago.  Since I have printed it
out, I no longer need it clogging up my disk space, so I will repost this in
the hopes that some kind-hearted soul will want to archive it, instead of me.

	BTW-this is not mine!  The author, compiler, whatever is Alec Peterson,
so don't thank me, thank him.

	Kyle

X-NEWS: bsu-ucs rec.humor: 36301
Relay-Version: VMS News - V6.0-3 14/03/91 VAX/VMS V5.5; site bsu-ucs.uucp
Path: bsu-ucs.uucp!bsu-cs!news.nd.edu!spool.mu.edu!yale.edu!yale!spock!chuckie
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Answering Machines
Message-ID: <1992Oct26.173944.14601@spock.UUCP>
From: chuckie@spock.uucp (Alec H. Peterson)
Date: 26 Oct 92 17:39:44 GMT
Sender: usenet@spock.UUCP (Usenet posting daemon)
Organization: Choate Rosemary Hall
Nntp-Posting-Host: rattle
Lines: 1240


 1

 "We are unable to come to the phone right now.  At the tone, please
 leave your name, number, and Master Card, Visa, or American Express
 account number and we'll get back to, pending credit approval."

 2
 "You have reached the <city>,<state> Strategic Air Command Nuclear
 Missle Storage Facility.  We are unable to come to the phone right
 now.  At the tone, please leave you name, number and target or list of
 targets and we'll launch as soon as we can.  And have a nice day."

 3
      "Hello. This is Chris. John and Mike aren't here right now, but if you
 leave a message, they'll get back to you as soon as they can."

 4
 [imitating Ensign Chekov]
 "Oh, sair...it was *Khan*!  He made us say things...do things...he
 kept us from answering the phone!  But Keptin was strong, and if you
 leave your name and number, Keptin will get back to you as soon as
 he can!"  <BEEP>

 5
 [imitating Mr. Rogers]
 "Hello.  I'm in the Magic Kingdom right now, so I can't come to the phone.
 Can you leave your name and number when you hear the sound of the tone?
 Sure...I knew you could." <BEEP>

 6
 Steve:  Hello.  Steve and Matt aren't here right now but if...
 Matt:  Steve, what are you doing?
 Steve:  I'm leaving a phone message since we aren't here.
 Matt:  But you left the last one -- it's my turn.
 Steve:  No, I'm sure it's my turn.
 Matt:  No, you're incorrect.  It's definitely my turn.
 Steve:  You fool.  I know it's ... wait ... Matt ... what are you doing
         with that frying pan?!?
   BONK [really loud thud]
 Matt:  Steve is out right now, so please leave your name and number.

 7
 "Hello.  I'm David's answering machine.  What are you?"

 8
         "This is (#include phone.addr). We are not ... excuse me a moment,
 please. Put your sister down. PUT YOUR SISTER DOWN! (sound of window breaking)
 Great! What a mess. I'll have to get back to you later."

 9
         "Finally get an answering machine. Now how does this thing work? Hmmm.
 Press record button, I did that, and the light should be on. I wonder why it's
 not working right. Hmmmm, I wonder what this button does......"


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00002
-10
 A friend of mine at school has this message, read by three people while
 the STAR TREK theme plays in the background.
      1:  Room 17, the final frontier.
      2:  These are the messages of Chad's answering machine.  Its 2 semester
          mission:  to seek out your name and your telepohne number.
      3:  To boldly inform you to wait for the tone.

 11
 (Annoying flute music in background)
 Good day, Jim.  Your contact, [insert name], is not available right now.
 Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to leave your name,
 number, and a brief message at the tone.  This tape will self-destruct
 in thirty seconds.
 Good Luck, Jim.

 12
 "Steve is reassembling Elvis' brain and can't come to the phone right
 now, but if you leave your name ...", etc.

 13
 "Steve has been captured by a flying saucer and can't come to the phone
 right now, but if you leave your name, phone number, and a message I'll
 have him call you back as soon as he gets away.  Read all about it in
 next week's National Enquirer."

 14
 In the background can be heard Gregorian Chant or some other church music
 <In a soft voice> Good Day My child, you have reached {name} dial a confession.
 At the tone if you will leave your name, number and short confession I will get
 back to you with your pennance. Thank you and may God go with you. <Beep>

 15
         Hi this is <name>. I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now.
         Leave a message and then wait by the phone until I call you back.

 16
 A friend was at a mutal friend's sister's house, and when she went out for
 beer, he changed her answering machine message.  In a loud, deep, gravely,
 horror-film voice he recorded, "HI, THIS IS KATHY, I'M NOT MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
 IF YOU LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER, I'LL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN I'M FEELING
 BETTER."

 17
      I worked for a bit in the coastguard in Wales and I used to send weather
 reports to other bases, using a sort of antique FAX machine. I would call
 first on a special telephone and then send the data. They used to answer the
phone with:
     " Epicentre of the Universe, God speaking."
     " Hartland home for lost whores."  (that was Hartland CG)
     " Da, zis iz Ivan: do you have zee secret information, Boris?"
     " Pentagon command: transmit destruct sequence (pause) sequence correct:
         T minus one minute and counting"
      And then there was one phone we didn't use, with a number one off that of
 the local take-out.  With my, non-British, accent I had some great fun with
 that phone.

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00003
-     "Starship Enterprise, Uhura here, can you hold please?  -- Captain, there
 is a transmission coming in on hailing frequency seven, do you want it on
 screen?" (silence...click)
      "Vancouver coastguard, may I help you."  British long distance rates are
 phenomenonal and I had this poor dude sputtering with horror that he had
managed
 to make a long distance call by dialing five digits.


 18
 ----------------------------------------------------
 This is one of my old ones that got a lot of laughs:


 <Phone Rings>

 Noisy pick-up of phone

 Uh...<wisperingly> Hello?

 Hi, I 'm a burgular and I was just about to steal Troy's answering machine.
 If you give me your name and number I'll..uh, I'll post it on the 'frige
 where he'll see it.  Uh.. by the way, where did you say you live?

 19----------------------------------------------------
 But right now I'm using "This is a boring answering machine message.
 Leave a message anyway." because I'm sick of people ringing the phone
 at 10am just so they can hear the clever messages I usually have, and
 then hanging up without even leaving a "like your message" message.
 Feh!

 20----------------------------------------------------
 [Must have good Australian accent]
 G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now because I'm a bit tied up with
 this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and I'll get back to you.

 21----------------------------------------------------
 This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
 number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word
 is supercilious                                                 ...}

 22----------------------------------------------------
 Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal,
 and Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.

 23----------------------------------------------------
 Also, on the subject of answering machins, my favorite tape was:
 "This is Jeff, you're not in now so I'll leave a message."
 Really confused people.

 24----------------------------------------------------
 A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
 in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
 future....

 25------------------------------------------------

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00004
-Hello.  I can't come to the phone now because--HEY, GEORGE!  DON'T STAND
 ON THAT--goddam.  ...because I've invited George and Barbara Bush over
 <loud music cuts in>...BARBARA!  HEY!  DON'T FUCK WITH THAT!...over for
 dinner.  After the tone...BARBARA, CALL YOUR DOG...MILLIE! DOWN GIRL!
 ...shit...Leave a message after the tone...HEY, FUCKHEAD...<beep>

 26------------------------------------------------
 Hello.  Lindsey's not home now--this is his domestic droid speaking.
 I'm not programmed to answer the phone, so just leave a message, and
 Lindsey will get back to you as soon as possible.

 27_________________________________________________
 My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll leave
 your name and number we'll get back to you as soon as we're finished.

 28------------------------------------------------
 Ring, Ring:
 The number you have xxx-xxxx (your number) has been changed, the
 new number is xxx-xxxx (again, your number). CULATA!

 29------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, and welcome to Answering Machines of the Rich and Famous!
 (your name here) can't come to the phone right now, because he's
 spending the week in his beautiful summer home on the French Riviera..."

 30------------------------------------------------
 One day I had a borrowed Casio sampler toy and used it to create a
 rather interesting one:

 Hello. You have reached Tooooommmmmm Tom Tm! Tom and
 MaMaMaMarMMMMaark's room. Tom is studying ssttuuddyyiinngg sssssssssssss
 and MaMark isn'isn'isn'isn't here. isn't here. P-P-Pleas! leave a
 messssssssage. Goodbye. 'bye! bye!bbyebybyyeyeyebbye  {byes repeating
 at all different pitches}

 31------------------------------------------------
 Last year my roommate had a machine but he hated to make the outgoing
 message. Stage fright, I guess. So I usually made them. One that we
 usually used during exam time was:

 {background music: Billy Joel's _Pressure_ very loud}
 Hello. You have reached Tom and Mark's room. We're a little busy now...
 { BJ screams PRESSURE!!! }
 So, leave a message and we'll get back to you someday after (exam end
 date)
 { BJ: ONE TWO THREE FOUR PRESSURE!!! followed by a very out-of-tune BEEP! }

 32------------------------------------------------
 My favorite message that I ever had was the *real* message I recorded
 off 1-800-CALL-SPY, the U.S. army snitching network. Try it, its a great
 recording (call after 5 pm for the message).

 [Give it try!  -pZ]

 33------------------------------------------------

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00005
-<Ring>
 In the background can be heard springs creaking and various moans.

 <Husky, Soft female voice is best> Hi,... You've just reached {name} pleasure
 palace. We're all busy as I'm sure you can tell but when we're done... we'll
 get back to you in whatever way we can. <Beep>

 You wouldn't believe how much explaining my mother wanted on that one...

 34------------------------------------------------
     [b.g. music is frantic, violin oriented]
     "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.  we are currently unable to answer
     because we are either chasing, or being chased by, bats.  please leave
     a message..." etc.

 35------------------------------------------------
     [the quiet, eerie vocal part of 'hello, earth' by kate bush]
     (after about 30 seconds): "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.
     we can't come to the phone right now because we're at vespers.
     please leave a message..." etc. (30 more seconds of music before
     the beep.)

 36------------------------------------------------
 (Spoken in a granny voice)

 "Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like
 no ansherin' machine.  You jusht had to call and call until shummbody
 got home.  Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay
 it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage.  Thanksh a
 lot."

 Must be spoken in a drawl.

 37------------------------------------------------
 Well, this isn't strictly from an answering machine, but...
 >From Calvin and Hobbes:

 (phone rings)
 (you answer)  Hello, this is <...> speaking.  I'd like a large pizza
 with extra anchovies.
 (other person)  What?
 (you reply)  Oh, sorry, I must have a wrong number.
 (hang up)

 Make everyone's day a little more surreal.

 39------------------------------------------------
 "I'm home right now . . . I'm just screening my calls.  So just start talking
 and if you're someone I want to speak to I'll pick up the phone.  Otherwise,
 well, what can I say?

 40------------------------------------------------
 In Japan, the hand can be used like a knife.
 [sound effect: Heeeeee-YAH!, smashing box of kleenex]
 But this method doesn't work with a telephone call...

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00006
-[sound effect: dial tone]
 Introducing the all-new GINSU answering machine! It cuts, it chops,
 it slices, it dices your incoming calls!  How much would you pay?
 Don't answer, because if you leave your name and number when you
 hear the tone, we'll throw in a return phone call ABSOLUTELY FREE!

 41------------------------------------------------
 "Hi, you have reached .... Please leave your name, phone number and a
 message and if we like it we will return your call".

 42------------------------------------------------
 However, the most effective one I have had so far can be used only one day
 per year: "This is David.  I'm not using the phone over Yom Kippur, so please
 leave a message or call back after the holiday."  No one wants to admit not
 having realized it was Yom Kippur or not knowing I would pick one holiday from
 the whole calendar on which to get observant, so everyone hangs up and leaves
 me no bad news or requests for favors.

 43------------------------------------------------
 "This is David.  Talk."

 44------------------------------------------------
 "Hi.  This is David.  I've shut the ringers off on my phones and taken a
 sedative.  As soon as I finish this recording I'm going to bed indefinitely.
 When I wake up I'll play my messages.  Please leave one."

 45------------------------------------------------
 [with a kazoo band playing "Thus Spake Zarathustra" in the background...]
 "Thinking you were making an ordinary phone call, you have instead
 reached..." [YA-DAAAAAAAAA!] "...the ANSWERING MACHINE!  Leave your name
 and number, and we will get back to you as soon as we can."

 46------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, this is Dr. Pangloss.  If this were the best of all possible worlds,
 I could come to the phone right now, but I can't, so if you could leave your
 name and number..."

 47------------------------------------------------
      "Hello?" <pause for a few seconds> "Sorry, he's not here right now,
 but if you leave a message, he'll get back to you."

 48------------------------------------------------
 (woman taped off a "phone sex" service)

 WOMAN : (seductively) Hi.  I'm Linda.  You know, it can be really lonely
 when you're a fashion model.  Sometimes I just have to ...

 YOU : (interupting) Oh cmon, Linda, give me the damn phone..
 (then ask for a message)

 49------------------------------------------------
 Just after the earthquake a friend of mine put on his answering machine:

      "Hi, this is Jeff.  We can't get to the phone right now because we
 were killed in the Earthquake.  Tragic, isn't it?  But, leave a

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00007
-message anyway, someone is sure to get it eventually."  BEEP

 My favorite post quake message:

     "Hi, we're not in cause we're out LOOTING!
      Leave a message and we'll call you back and tell you what we got."

 50------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, I'm not hear right now.  In fact, I'm out getting a new parakeet.
  If you leave a message after the beep, I'll be sure to get back to you.
  Oh, and by the way, a word of advice; never try to clean a parakeet cage
  with a vacuum cleaner."

 51------------------------------------------------
 Ring...click....(sound of loud music in background)...Hello? - just
 a second while I turn the stereo off (sound of person running to
 click off music, which gets quiet.  sound of person running back
 to phone) OK, sorry about that, hi there, who's this...well hi!...
 uh huh...yeah...well listen you're talking to a machine, so please
 leave a message and I'll call you back.

 (this ran for a while until a friend threatened to kill us after
 she said she had a 2 minute conversation with the machine.)

 52------------------------------------------------
  "Hello, this is Jim. Unfortunately I can't answer the phone right now
   because I've just come back from the Mirror Worlds and I'm still made
   up of antimatter, so if I were to pick up the phone right now, the
   resulting energy release would make Hiroshima look like a wet firecracker.
   So leave a message at the tone and I'll get back to you as soon as my
   component particles have been restored to their normal charges."

 53------------------------------------------------
  "Speak, worm!" <beep>
   Works best if done in a Darth Vader voice.

 54------------------------------------------------
  "You know what to do at the tone." <beep>

 55------------------------------------------------
  "Hello?" <beep>
   This confuses anyone who doesn't know you.

 56------------------------------------------------
  "Hello, I'm not here." <beep>
   A friend of mine used this one last summer. I always answered it with
   "Okay, that's all I wanted to know."

 57------------------------------------------------
    Hi!! You've reached Janet and Chris's room. We're not in right now.
 If this is our parents, we're at the library studying. Yeah, yeah,
 that's it, that's the ticket. If this is John (Chris's boyfriend), Chris
 is out with the girls at the party. Yeah, that's it. If this is any one
 else, we're at a party and you're not. Yeah, a party with the president.
 Yeah and the .... pope. Yeah that's it. <beep>

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00008
-
 58------------------------------------------------
 (in an Italian mafia-style tone:)
 "Hello.  I can't come to the phone right now.  Me and Guido are trying to
  stuff a body in the trunk.  I think we're going to have to size it a
 little... <aside> HEY GUIDO! GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name
 and a message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, _you'll_hear_
 from_Guido! ( a little laughter )...  "
 59------------------------------------------------
 (To the tune of "Heartbreak Hotel" with appropriate instrumental accompaniment)
 I just left home baby
 I'll be out fer a spell
 and if you don't leave a message baby
 you can go to <BEEP>

 60------------------------------------------------
 Hello, this is <insert your name here>.  I'm home right now, and in
 a few moments, I'll have a decision to make.
 BEEEP!

 61------------------------------------------------
         [Theme from "Indiana Jones" in the background.]
         You've reached the residence of John and Tom.  We can't
         come to the phone right now, because we're cleaning the
         refrigerator.  Please leave your name and number, and
         we'll get back to you.
         [Theme from "Indiana Jones" continues until the beep.]

 62------------------------------------------------
 Hi!  John's answering machine is broken.  This is his
         refrigerator.  Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick
         your message to myself with one of these magnets.

 63------------------------------------------------
 One of my favorites had this very exciting scary music, along with a
 kitten crying in the background, and the voice goes:

 The machine answering this message is connected to a 5000 volt power
 supply, and a relay which is wired to this small kitten.  If you hang up
 before you leave a message, it will complete the circuit and will fry
 the kitty.  The choice is YOURS....   BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
 64------------------------------------------------
 FOXTROT-LIMA-ALPHA-SIERRA-HOTEL.  KEY-DESTRUCT-SEQUENCE-NOW.
 THIS-TERMINAL-ALSO-ACCEPTS-VOICE-MESSAGES......         ~~~

 65------------------------------------------------
         Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.
         Today's commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...  er...  bear
         a...  er...  shalt not witness thy...  uh...  neighbor's ass,
         oh, I mean, false...  er...  shalt not commit a bear...  dern...

 66------------------------------------------------
         How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand
         the instructions.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens
         if I touch this... YOW!!

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00009
-67------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come
         to the phone now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording
         this message, but I'm doing this NOW, while you're listening to
         it LATER, except for you I guess it's NOW, like, when you're
         listening to it...  I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This is so
         confusing.
 68------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now, so...  hey -- that's a nice phone
         you have there.  Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet
         you have answering machines bothering you all the time...  yes
         indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call sometime and we can
         listen to some old recordings...  I might even play my beep for
         you...

 69------------------------------------------------
         Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
         Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
         it!...  Don't...!

 70------------------------------------------------
         After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left
         the money.  I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to
         come out of hiding.

 71------------------------------------------------
         Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting
         down to test:  5...  4...  3...  2...  1...

 72------------------------------------------------
         As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on
         reality.  You begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...  the
         telephone is next to an answering machine...  you hear a faint
         click and a light flashes on the answering machine...  you hear
         a beep...

 73------------------------------------------------
         You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel
         very sleepy now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and
         your ability to resist suggestions.  When you hear the tone you
         will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a
         message.

 74------------------------------------------------
         No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!
         Please!  Not the beep!  Anything but the beep!
         AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
 75------------------------------------------------
         This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine
         Broadcast System.  This is only a test.

 76------------------------------------------------
         Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin
         Dvorak.  This is the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72...


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00010
-77------------------------------------------------
         [Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"]
         Leave a message...  leave a message...  etc.

 78------------------------------------------------
         Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone
         right now, so after the tone, please leave your name and number,
         then talk briefly about your childhood and tell me what comes to
         mind when you hear the following words:  orange...  mother...
         unicorn...  penis.  I'll get back to you with my diagnosis as
         soon as possible.

 79------------------------------------------------
         [For Shakespeare lovers only]
         So long as phones can ring and eyes can see,
         So leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.

 80------------------------------------------------
         [VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal.
         [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that.

 81------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the
         basement printing up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If
         you need any money, or if you just want to check out my
         handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how much cash you
         need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
         Treasury, please ignore this message.

 82------------------------------------------------
         Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's
         not here right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and
         confession at the tone, he'll get back to you with absolution as
         soon as possible.  And remember, confession doesn't count unless
         you confess all of your sins in vivid, graphic detail!

 83------------------------------------------------
         Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15
         minutes.  Well, your 15 minutes was last week, but since you
         weren't ready, we gave it to Vanna White.  Sorry.

 84------------------------------------------------
         C'mon...  you can do it...  just a little one.  That's the
         way...  just a little beep, just a little one.  C'mon...  good
         boy...  here we go...  like this -- beeeeep, just a little one,
         beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...  There you go!

 85------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
         stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
         you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
         something about myself.  Thanks.

 86------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00011
-        brain.  Leave a message anyway, and after the alien beings
         assume my shape, one of them will get back to you.

 87------------------------------------------------
         Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes
         are busy.  After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll
         have an asshole return your call as soon as possible.

 88------------------------------------------------
 Ok, One more time...
 This is our answering machine...
 This is the message on our answering machine...
 ...Any questions?

 89------------------------------------------------
         Hi, can I speak to Mark?...Oh, there isn't?...I'm sorry,
         I must have dialed the wrong number.

 90------------------------------------------------
         <beep, beep, beep>
         The number you have reached,
         Seven.  Six.  Seven.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.
         [Use your number here.]
         has not been disconnected and is still in service.
         Please leave a message at the sound of the tone.

 91------------------------------------------------
 HANS: This is Hans

 FRANZ: And this is Franz, and we just want to...

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 HANS: But we are not at home, you know

 FRANZ: Ya, we are gone

 HANS: If you want us to...

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 HANS: You will leave a message after the beep

 FRANZ: If you don't leave a message, then you are Girlyman.

 HANS: Ya, Girlyman.  And we don't talk to Girlyman, you know

 FRANZ: So leave a message and we will call to..

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 92------------------------------------------------
 "Hello!  This is 1-800-PRESLEY -- Yes!  1-800-PRESLEY!

 They say the King died 10 years ago, but we know he's still out there

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00012
-somewhere.  So . . . leave your name and number and tell us where
 *YOU* saw Elvis!"

 93------------------------------------------------
        "Hi, you've reached 1-900-CALL-BREN, my personal message line where
         you can talk to me, Bren.  I'll tell you all about how I'm suffering
         in between sports seasons and about my part time hobby of being a
         power forward for the Portland Trailblazers.  I'll tell my deepest
         secrets, such as my desire to be kidnapped by short blonde sorority
         girls wearing short jean skirts, and you can decide whether or not
         I'm wearing pants.  Selected callers will get to talk to me live.
         Since you're not one of them, leave your own personal secret at the
         beep. "

 94------------------------------------------------
  In a vaguely phoneco-operator voice: "I'm sorry, you have reached an
 imaginary number. Would you please rotate your telephone by ninety
 degrees and try your call again."

    A few people even got the joke...

 95------------------------------------------------
 "You have just dialed into the North American Air Defense Contract Center.
 Stand by at the tone to give coordinates and destination of incoming bogey.
 TNR Surveillance will scramble. If you do not respond, this unit will assume
 incoming, non-important."

 96------------------------------------------------
 "Sherwood forest, which dear do you want?"

 "Lucifer speaking, who in the hell do you want?"

 "Heaven, God speaking."

 "Bridge, Kirk here."

  "City Morgue, you kill 'em, we chill 'em; You stab 'em, we slab 'em!"

 97------------------------------------------------
 "Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG... Er, no diplomats are
 able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist tone, leave name,
 telephone number, and short description of secrets you wish to sell."

 98------------------------------------------------
 "I've set up my answering machine so that when anyone calls, they
    here a busy signal."

 99------------------------------------------------
 If you are a burgler, then we are probably at home but can't come
         to the phone right now
 Otherwise, we probably aren't at home.

 100------------------------------------------------
 The number you've dialed is purely imaginary, multiply by i and dial again!


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00013
-101------------------------------------------------
      This is you-know who.
      We are you-know-where.
      Leave your you-know-what you-know-when.

 102------------------------------------------------
     " I'm Morley Safer."
     "I'm Harry Reasoner."
     "I'm ........
     "And I'm" <the guy whose answering machine it was>
     " We're not home; leave a message."

       He had taped the audio of the beginning of 60 minutes; it sounded
     very funny.

 103------------------------------------------------
 "Greetings.  You've reached Ghengis Kahn's Pornographic Films
 Unlimited.  Fabian, Pat, Rex and Mike are still conducting screen
 tests with potential leading ladies to star opposite the late John
 Holmes in our upcoming feature film "It's Not the Size That Counts but
 Whether or Not You're Alive to Use It."  If you're interested in a
 screen test, or even if you're not, please leave us your name, age,
 phone number, measurements, cup size, a brief summary of your work
 experience, both off and on the screen, and a brief summary of your
 favorite fantasy involving four men, a pair of handcuffs, and a tub of
 Cool Whip.  Thank you for calling."

 104------------------------------------------------
 Another one I've done more than once is to slowly increase the pitch
 and speed of my voice while recording the message to make it sound
 like the machine is broken:

 (start, low pitch, slow)
 "Hhhhheeelllllloooooo thheeeerrrrrrre evvvvveerrrryyyboooodyyyy....

 (middle, normal)
 ..home of Veronica, Jaw-Chyi, Mark and Mike. Nobody's home...

 (later, high pitch, fast)
 ..butifyou'dliketoleaveamessageafterthetonethen...

 (end, incomprehensible chipmunk gibberish)
 ..kkfjdkeirucjkljfkldjrioutjkjfdskoreudjfkleqBEEP!"

 105------------------------------------------------
         This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
         thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
         name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
         you, and I'll think about returning your call.

 106------------------------------------------------
     "E'llo."
     "My name is Inigo Montonya."
     "You killed my father."
     "Leave your name and number, and prepare to die."

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00014
-    <beep>

 107------------------------------------------------
 My favorite that I have heard as an answering machine message is also
 from this movie.  My friend recorded the section that goes something
 like:

         "I'm writing the definative work on pain, and I would like you
 to tell me how the machine makes you feel.  Remember, be honest.  This
 is for posterity."

 108------------------------------------------------
 The message I currently have on my recorder is the output from my Amiga's
 speech sythesizer.  It's set up as a dialog between two distict, but
 recognizably artificial voices.  I thought it sort of mediocre myself, but
 have gotten quite a number of amused comments about it.
 -----
 1> Hello, there are no real people here to answer the phone right now.

 2> Yeah, nobody but us machines!

 1> Right, just us machines, but don't hang up!  If you like, you can leave
    your name and telephone number...

 2> ...and a message!  You forgot about the message!

 1> Right.  Leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message after you
    hear the beep, and we will keep track of this stuff until the real people
    get back.

 2> ...unless of course, sombody pulls out our plug!

 109------------------------------------------------
 I taped theoperator saying "we're sorry.  The number you have reached
 has been disconnected or is no longer is service..."

 109------------------------------------------------
  From Halloween this year:

         (Ominous electronic background music.)

         Hi, this is Jim. In honor of Halloween, I'm about to perform
         an unspeakable pagan ritual. So please leave a message. Oh,
         unless you're a virgin, in which case, why don't you stop by?
         SINT MIHI DEI ACHERONTIS PROPITII...

 110------------------------------------------------

         (French monologue in the background)

         Around the world today, millions still speak French as either
         a first or second language. But with your continued support
         and help, we can wipe out French in our lifetime. Please leave
         a message in English at the tone, and remember, if someone
         tries to speak French to you, just say, "non".

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00015
-
 111------------------------------------------------

         Hi, this is Jim. Welcome to my Fun Phone Line, where you can
         talk to my answering machine for only $.95 per minute! Please
         leave your credit card number at the tone...

 112------------------------------------------------

         Hi, this is Jim. Thanks for calling during my spring pledge
         drive. A basic membership is only $30, and a $60 pledge gets
         you an "I love Jim Shea" T-shirt. Please wait for the tone,
         and thank you for your pledge.

 113------------------------------------------------

 (click) "You have reached the CPX-2000 Voice Blackmail System.  Your
         voice patterns are now being digitally encoded and stored for
         later use.  Once this is done, our computers will be able to
         use the sound of _your_ voice for literally thousands of illegal
         and immoral purposes.  There is no charge for this initial
         consultation, however our staff of professional extortionists
         will be contacting you in the near future to further explain the
         benefits of our service, and to arrange for your schedule of
         payment.  Remember to speak clearly at the sound of the tone.
         Thank you."  (BEEEEEEEEEEEP)

 114-------------------------------------------
 Message: Hi this is Craig's car phone.  Craig's at home now, so you can try
 calling him there or leave a message after the beep.

 Caller's message:  Hmmm.  Car phone!?!  I'll call back later when your out.

                                                  -Koris Goudonov
 115------------------------------------

 Every now and then we are all pestered by these high-tech telemarketing
 companies where the sales pitch is usually disguised as a survey of some kind.
 The despicable thing about these things is that they won't leave you
 alone. If you hang up, they will just call back again.

 One day my wife got a call from one of these computer systems, and her
 answering machine answered. The conversation that followed was
 hilarious, as it consisted of two machines talking to each other
 without having the slightest idea about what each other was saying.
 The conversation wound up in an endless loop, as follows:

 [PHONE] *RING*

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "...At the tone, please give your message.
 BEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Hello. This is [company_name], and we are taking a telephone
 survey ... when I ask a question, wait for the beep, then please
 speak plainly.  I will repeat your answer back to you, and verify it.

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00016
-First, what is your phone number? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 (The answering machine, upon hearing the beep, got confused and thought

 it was a play-back command, and generated another beep in response.)

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Your phone number was 443-28347-47756-377764-22222.
 Is that correct? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any children? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] Thank you! What is the age of your first child? BEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Your first child is 1,222 years old. Is that correct?
 BEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [---------------  BEGIN ENDLESS LOOP ----------------]

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any more children? BEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! What is this child's age? BEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "This child is 4,233 years old. Is that correct? BEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [---------------------END LOOP -----------------------]

 My wife, upon noticing that the answering machine had been going for
 over half an hour, turned up the volume to find out what was going on.
 When she discovered this endless loop (by now she had over 200 children,
 all over 1,000 years old), she switched off the answering machine. The
 computer never called again.

 115----------------------------------------------------
      I had a friend who liked to play with the phones.  He got his girlfriend
 to sound like an operator and make a tape saying:
      "I'm sorry, the number that has dialed you is not in service.  Will
       you please hang up and let it dial again...<crackle> I'm sorry, the..."
      He had a lot of fun calling people up and playing it.


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00017
-116----------------------------------------------------
 I once answered the phone as follows.
 " San Luis Obispo Police, Sergeant McCallahan here, may I help you?"
 After about five seconds of dead air, I heard a click.  About five minutes
 later, the phone rang again.  This time my roomate answered.  It was the same
 person that had called a few minutes earlier.  It turned out that the long
 delay between calls was due to the fact that he had to mooch a quarter for his
 next call.  He was at a public phone booth and had used his last quarter to
 call us.  I don't think he talked civil to me for a week...

 117----------------------------------------------------
      My grandmother had been bothered by calls coming in after midnight,
 waking her, and forcing her out of bed and across the house to answer.
 Invariably, they were from the same man, seemingly slightly intoxicated,
 with bar-crowd noises in the background. He wanted to speak to Peggy,
 whoever that was, and my grand mother would tell him there was no Peggy
 living there, and that he must have the wrong number. But he wouldn't
 believe her, and kept insisting, begging, pleading, etc. to talk to
 Peggy. My Grandmother would have to just hang up finally.
      This went on for a few days, and late one night, when the phone rang,
 my Grandfather held back his wife, and said, "I'll take care of this", and
 got out of bed to answer the phone. The ensuing conversation was short and
 quick, and went something like this:
      "Hello?"
      "Hello, Can I speak to Peggy?"
      "No, I'm sorry, she can't come to the phone right now-- she's nursing
 the baby."

 118----------------------------------------------------
 Here's my favorite, for calling large offices and idiots-in-general:
 "Hello, is this the person to whom I am speaking?"

 119----------------------------------------------------
      My solution is upon realizing that I'm talking with a "telemarketing
 representative", I ask:  "Are you a telemarketer?"  The answer
 (suprisingly) is usually yes.  I then go into a sales pitch to
 sell a (nonexistant) telephone ear-cusion.
      I insist that every telemarketer must have one for safety and comfort.
      Eventually, they'll forget to try selling me anything.

 120----------------------------------------------------
 A recent posting by Duke McMullan requested ways to repel telephone
 solicitors.  My friend Pepe Tres from Texas told me this one and gave
 permission to post it:
      "My time is billed at $125 per hour.  To continue this
      conversation, I must have your MasterCard or Visa number, card
      type and date of expiration."
 Pepe says it usually leaves them speechless.  One guy replied, "Hey,
 that's good; I'll have to remember it."  Once a supervisor of
 telephone solicitors called back and asked him if he was "some kind of
 high-powered lawyer."
 121----------------------------------------------------

 Everybody gets and dials wrong numbers. It's good to be nice about it. What
 goes around comes around, right? so, I try to reassure the apologetic and

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00018
-embarrassed wrong dialers that will actually converse once the error is
 discovered, with it going something like this:

 caller w. wrong number: "Gee, I'm sorry..."
 me:                     "That's OK, I was going to pick up the phone anyway.."

 122----------------------------------------------------
 How about the 'Fraudian Slip Answer'? Like this:

 <Whoever> here. What can I do to-----I MEAN-----FOR you?

 123----------------------------------------------------
 Try the following next time the phone rings:

 You (when you answer):  Hello, is Jimmy there?

 Caller: No, I'm afraid you have a wrong number.

 You: Oh.  Sorry.

 Caller: No problem... (click)

 124----------------------------------------------------
 (Use a strong east Indian accent)

 Hello, you have reached the existential hotline of (...).
 I am currently meditating, but if you leave your name and
 which lifeline you are currently inhabiting at the sound of
 the Om, I will send good karma waves and contact you when
 the stars align properly.
 Oooooommmmmmmmmmmmm...

 125
 (heavy panting and breathing in the background), Oh!  Sorry,
 I can't come (Oh! Yes!  Do it to me) to the (Oh!) phone right
 now (pant pant), leave your name and number at the
 (scream) (I'm gonna come!!!!!) orgasm.


 126
 (1) "Hello, this is Ron.  (pause)   Hello?   Hello!!?    Nah, just
 kidding.  This is an answering machine. (etc.)"
 127
 (2) "Hello, this is Ron.  I'm not home right now, but I can take a
 message.  Hang on a second while I get a pencil."  (background noise -
 open a drawer and shuffle stuff around.)  "OK, what would you like me
 to tell me?"
 128
 Also, something you might do after you've had the machine for a few
 months is start answering in person with "Hello, this is a live
 voice."  (Variation on a theme by "The Cosby Show".)  Or you could try
 answering your own phone with "Hello, is Ron there?"




1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00019
-129
 I actually did this once when a call came in at an inopportune moment:
 I picked up the phone, said "Hi, this is Chris.  I can't come to the phone
 right now, so please leave a message after the tone.  -EEEEE-" -- that
 last being a tone-like sound - and the caller proceeded to leave name,
 phone number, and message, and hang up.  I went back to what I'd been
 doing.



         Before I bought an answering machine, I thought I didn't need
         one.  Then I started thinking up possible messages, and before
         long I had bought an answering machine just so I could put my
         messages on it.  Here they are.  There are plenty of them...
         ______________

 130
         Hello, this is the Brown residence.  We're in the middle of a
         family fight right now.  Leave your name and number at the beep
         and whoever wins will call you right back.

 131
         Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
         Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
         it!...  Don't...!


 132
         Hello.  This is Nonoxynol-9, the persona and private telephone
         number of Mikhail Vladivostok Gorbachev, General Secretary of
         the Supreme Council of the glorious Communist Party of the Union
         of Sovjet Socialist Republics, Commander-In-Chief of the
         Combined Armies of the Proletariat Peoples of Russia, First
         Citizen of the Order of Lenin, Supreme Patron of the Soviet
         Institute of Literature and Domestic Sciences, President of the
         Soviet People's Council of Peace and Happiness and Captain of
         the Kremlin B Squash Team.  But hey, call me Mike.
 133
         The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave
         your name, phone number, the name of the country you wish to
         invade, and the secret password.
 134
         We're sorry.  You have reached an imaginary number.  Please
         rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.
 135
         Hi there.  This is Joe speaking.  I'm home right now, and in a
         moment, I'll have a decision to make.  Leave your name and
         number and I'll be thinking about it...
 136
         Hi!  You have reached 234-1243.  This is an answering machine.
         This is the Nineties.  You know what to do.

 137
         I'm not at home today, and I might not be home tomorrow.  So
         please leave a message after the tone.  I didn't take a shower

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00020
-        today, and I might not take one tomorrow.  So if you don't leave
         a message after the tone, you might have to deal with me in
         person.
 138
         Hi!  I can't answer the phone right now.  Bob, that's my pet
         parakeet, just swallowed a cherry bomb.  It wasn't lit, but I've
         got to get him to the bathroom.  Uh-oh!  (Sound of a paper bag
         exploding.)

 139
         (After a power outage:)  Hi, this is Ralph.  The good news is
         that my power is back on.  The bad news for you is, so is my
         answering machine.  So, leave a message.
 140
         Hello, this is Death.  I am not in right now, but if you leave
         your name and number, I'll be right with you.
 141
         Hello, this is KVKE, you're on the air.

 142
         Hello, this is Ron's toaster.  Ron's new answering machine is in
         the shop for repairs, so please leave your message when the
         toast is done....  (Cachunk!)
 143

         You've reached the S&M hotline.  All our operators are tied up
         right now, so if you leave a name, number, a list of
         transgressions, and bark like a dog, we'll get right back to you
         with your penance.
 144
         Thank you for calling Robert's House of Love.  All of our
         customer service representatives are, er...  busy servicing
         customers, so at the sound of the erotic tone, leave your name,
         number, and a short description of whatever turns you on...
 145
         You know what I hate about answering machine messages?  They go
         on and on, wasting your time.  I mean, all they really need to
         say is, "We aren't in, leave a message."  That's why I've
         decided to keep mine simple and short.  I pledge to you, my
         caller, that you will never have to suffer through another long
         answering machine message when you call me...

 146
         Hi, dudes, this is 229-3053, the Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles'
         secret underground hideaway.  I'm afraid we're all out just now
         on a desperate mission to save the Planet from boring answering
         machine messages, but if you know what The Shredder has done to
         April O'Neill, or if you know where he is, or if you can think
         of a decent pizza recipe, just leave your name and number and
         we'll ring you right back.  But don't say anything yet!  Enemy
         agents may be listening.  When the computer has checked they're
         not eavesdropping, it will make a bleeping noise and you can
         speak freely.
 147
         These words are lovely dark and deep

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00021
-        But I've got promises to keep
         and miles to go before I sleep
         So leave a message at the beep.
 148
         Now I lay me down to sleep;
         Leave a message at the beep.
         If I die before I wake,
         Remember to erase the tape.


 __________________________
 149
 Dial some number at random. Ask: "May I speak to Kevin? Oh, wrong number?
 Could you please tell him that his pizza is ready?". Hang up.

 Dial the same number again 15 minutes later. In a different voice: "May I
 speak to Kevin? Oh, wrong number? Could you please tell him that John
 called?". Hang up.

 Repeat 10 times. On the eleventh: "Hi, this is Kevin. Did I get any
 messages?"

 ____________________________
 150
 Dial a number. "Hello, this is your local telephone station speaking. We
 are sorry to tell you but we are having a terrible fire here at the
 station. The fire cannot be controlled, it is spreading over telephone
 cables and will reach your house in 5 minutes. So, if you don't want to
 burn down your house, hurry up and take your
 telephone receiver and throw it into a bucket of cold water!"

 Sometimes it works, and people do throw their receivers into water. It is
 especially amusing to play this joke on the people whom you intend to visit
 later in the day. That way you can come and inspect the damage.

 ___________________________
 151
 "Hello, this is your local Zoo speaking. Do you like animals? We are
 experiencing severe problems with hot water. Would you be so kind as to allow
 us to bring our elephants over to your bathroom for a shower?"

 The most common response: "Well, sure, but my neighbour's bathroom is
 bigger and better equipped to handle elephants."

 _______________________
 152
 When you knock on somebody's door and they ask "Who is there?", a good reply
 is "And who is THERE?"

 ________________________

 153
 Hello, this is Lee Iacoca.  Today we are soliciting money for the United Negro
 College Fund, because a mind is a terrible thing... and they should be
 stopped before they hurt somebody.  So please leave your credit card number

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00022
-after the beep.  Thank you for your help.

 _______________________________

 154

 I don't want to bore you with metaphysics, but how do you know this is an
 answering machine, maybe its a dream or maybe its an illusion and you don't
 really exist.  One way to find out, leave a message and if its reality I will
 call you back.



Goodbye untill we interface again.
 But watch out.
  Next time we may interface face to face.
    So face it.
      Numerically yours,
       El Bino
       11001100011100   Gordon Rogers, Psuvm
-- 

 ______________________________________________________________________________
|Kyle S. Davis				                                       |
|2000HD	1MbRAM//                                Hot VWs               1973     |
|1084s       //  Only Amiga makes it possible,    \/   Take 2 home-   311      |
|Oki 20   \\//   All others make it plausible.   \/\/  They're small.          |
|
|______________________________________________________________________________|

A guy's driving down a country road when he comes upon a sign saying "Apples - $5.00 each."He thinks that that is a lot of money
so he decides to go see what's up.He goes up to the farmer and says, "Hey, how come these apples are 5 bucks each?"

The farmer replies, "They are peanut butter and jelly apples." The farmer hands him one and says, "Here, try one."So the man
takes a bite out of the apple and says, "Peanut butter - that's great, but I thought you said that they were peanut butter and 
jelly apples."

The farmer tells the man to turn it around.The man bites the other side and exclaims "son of a gun - jelly!" The man says, "These
apples are great - give me some." He gets back in his car and drives a little further down the road and then sees another sign 
"Apples - $10 each."Again, he pulls over, goes to the farmer and says, "Hey, what's up with these apples?"

The farmer says, "They're ham and cheese apples.Here, try one." The guy takes a bit and exclaims, "Son of a gun - ham!" The guy 
then says, "Let me guess- I have to turn it around."  The farmer says "You got it." The guy bites the other side and says,
"Cheese."Again the man says, "These apples are great - give me some."

Then he gets back in his car and drives down the road.  He comes upon a third sign that says "Apples - $50 each."The guy really
wants to see what's up with these apples.Again, he pulls over, goes up to the farmer and says, "What's the deal with these apples? 
50 bucks each?"

The farmer tells him that "These apples are pussy apples. Here, try one." The guy takes a bite out of it and says, "Yuck, this
apple tastes like crap." The farmer says, "Turn it around!"





An atheist was taking a walk through the woods, admiring all that the
accident of evolution had created.

"What majestic trees! What powerful rivers! What beautiful animals!" he
said to himself. As he walked alongside the river he heard a rustling
in the bushes behind him.

He turned to look.

A 7-foot grizzly was charging towards him. He ran as fast as he could
up the path. He looked over his shoulder and the bear was closing in.
He ran even faster, so scared that tears were coming to his eyes. He
looked over his shoulder, and the bear was even closer. His heart
pumped frantically and he tried to run even faster. He tripped and fell
on the ground.

He rolled over to pick himself up and the bear, right on top of him,
reached for him with his left paw and raising his right paw to strike
him.

At that instant the Atheist cried out "Oh my God! ... "
Time stopped.
The bear froze.
The forest was silent.
Even the river stopped moving.

As a bright light shone upon the man, a voice came out of the sky: "You
deny my existence for all of these years, teach others I don't exist,
and even credit creation to a cosmic accident. Do you expect me to help
you out of this predicament? Am I to count you as a believer?"

The atheist looked directly into the light: "It would be hypocritical
to ask to be a Christian after all these years, but perhaps could you
make the bear a Christian?"

"Very well," said the voice.
The light went out.
The river ran again.
And the sounds of the forest resumed.

The bear dropped his right paw ... brought both paws together ... bowed
his head: "Lord, for this food which I am about to receive, I am truly
thankful."

On Fri, 21 Jun 1996 12:14:23 GMT, in netcom.shell.general you wrote, and
I quote:

:Here's about the most stupid post I can make. . .
:
:"Please send me something rude."
:
:Seriously, can someone who has that wonderful ASCII art of the dual
:flip-off please send it to me?  You know, the one with the really *large*
:hands?  I just can't live without it!!!

Here ya go.  Standby for another. :)


                          _                         _
                         |_|                       |_|
                         | |         /^^^\         | |
                        _| |_      (| "o" |)      _| |_
                      _| | | | _    (_---_)    _ | | | |_
                     | | | | |' |    _| |_    | `| | | | |
                     |          |   /     \   |          |
                      \        /  / /(. .)\ \  \        /
                        \    /  / /  | . |  \ \  \    /
                          \  \/ /    ||Y||    \ \/  /
                           \__/      || ||      \__/
                                     () ()
                                     || ||
                                    ooO Ooo



-- 

          All Rights Reserved To Post Flame Email
Ty
     "Pain validates life."   Tudor Williams (1941 -   )
On Fri, 21 Jun 1996 12:14:23 GMT, in netcom.shell.general you wrote, and
I quote:

:Here's about the most stupid post I can make. . .
:
:"Please send me something rude."
:
:Seriously, can someone who has that wonderful ASCII art of the dual
:flip-off please send it to me?  You know, the one with the really *large*
:hands?  I just can't live without it!!!

Here is something a bit different. :)


                                          )
                                         ((
                                   _,,---.)\__
                                 ,'.          ""`.
                                f.:               \
                             ,-.|:  ,-.       ,-.  Y-.
                     ,-.    f , \. /:  \   . /     | j
                    f.  Y   `.`.       _`. ,'_     |f
                    |:  |     ) )      "`    "`    |'
                    l:. l    ( '          --.      j
                     Y:  Y_,--.Y:         __      (
                  ,-.|  ,'.::..):..    ,'"-'Y.     Y
                 f:.           \ ::.  '"'`--`      j
                 j::            Y-.__        __,,-'___
                f;\::.          |    ``""""''__(""'_,.`--.   ,--.
                l:::::...       j--.       ,'.. `"'       Y-'.:::)
                 `-..::::::_,,-'   :).     `--'(::..     ,j..::--(
                     f`"""'.  .  )-(:.      .:::`---\:.-'Y;:::::::Y
                     j:::::::::..   Y:        ..:::::`;_,;;;::::::j
                    f::;;;;;::::::. j:           ...::::\;;:::_,,'
                    l;;::::::::: _,;:       (.,     .....Y::."\
                     Y;;;::::_,-';::..                   |:::. Y
                     l;;;;;:::`-;;;::....                j;;::.|
                      `;;;;;;;;;:);;;;:::::...          /\;;;;:j
                        "`------'-.;;;;::::::::...._,-'"  `---'
                                    ``"""""""""""''
                                -=> Philip Kaulfuss <=-


-- 

          All Rights Reserved To Post Flame Email
Ty
     "Pain validates life."   Tudor Williams (1941 -   )


From 1rodney@geocities.com Thu Oct 30 20:15:51 1997
Date: Sun, 26 Oct 1997 06:31:06 -0800
From: Joke List <1rodney@geocities.com>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Ass-icons

We all know those cute little computer symbols called "emotions," where  
:)
means a smile and :( is a frown.  Sometimes these are represented by :-)
and :-( respectively. Well, how about some "ass icons?"
Here goes...

       (_!_)      a regular "nice" ass

       (__!__)    a large ass

       (!)        a tight ass

       (_._)      a flat ass

       (_^_)      a bubbly ass

       (_*_)      a sore ass

       (_!__)     a lop-sided ass

       {_!_}       a squishy ass

       (_o_)      an ass that's been around

       (_O_)     and more...

       (_x_)     kiss my ass

       (_X_)     "Get off my ass."

       (_zzz_)    a tired ass

       (_o^o_)   a wise ass

       (_13_)     an unlucky ass

       (_?_)   dumb ass
-- 
Rodney And Cathy's Joke List
To subscribe go to:
http://www.geocities.com/hollywood/3821/jokepage.html
or e-mail: 1rodney@geocities.com with the words "subscribe joke list"
in the SUBJECT line of the message.


========
Path: Supernews69!supernews.com!uunet!in1.uu.net!155.229.2.176!metro.atlanta.com!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!dispatch.news.demon.net!demon!xanthim.demon.co.uk!not-for-mail
From: jonH@xanthim.demon.co.uk (Jon Hartley)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes,alt.tasteless
Subject: Re: THE ALT.TASTELESS THEME SONG!!!!
Date: Sat, 05 Jul 1997 19:12:53 GMT
Message-ID: <33be9951.130662@news.demon.co.uk>
References: <01bc87f7$213c40c0$754a07c4@monster>
NNTP-Posting-Host: xanthim.demon.co.uk
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: xanthim.demon.co.uk [158.152.12.191]
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.0/32.390
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 182
Xref: Supernews69 alt.tasteless.jokes:166634 alt.tasteless:129728

On 3 Jul 1997 21:20:28 GMT, "AndrewBk" <Rodbk@iafrica.com> wrote:

>Come guys, some of you out there must have the theme song (The one that
>ryhms to "My Favorite Things" from the Sound of Music)
>Either repost it or email it to me at rodbk@iafrica.com

This is off topic, it's definitely tasteless, but too serious for
a.t.j.  Should be on a.t. where this message is x-posted.  Please trim
your headers and post follow-ups in alt.tasteless.

For some time I have been searching the net fot this to no avail.  So,
since someone else remembers it,  here's some of it!  I expect to get
a lot of additional verses because this has cost me a lot of pain! (a)
from retyping it from an old hardcopy and (b) from having a good
laugh.  The fucker gets archived from now on!

 If the typing is inacurate or you don't like the piss-poor Brit
spelling and doubtful punctuation, well fuck you!


The official alt.tasteless theme song

Credit: Crunchy Frog

Boogers and squicking and really gross habits,
Taking lawn mowers and running down rabbits,
Grinding a few slugs to death 'neath my boots.
These are a few of my favourite pursuits.

Photos of faeces and samples of farting.
The sight of the squeamish folks quickly departing.
Castrating yourself with a small loop of string.
These are the things that alt.tastless will bring.

When I piss blood, when I blow chucks
When I'm feeling sad...
I simply tune in to a certain newsgroup,
And I don't feel so bad.

Fucking cadavers and licking their snatches,
Burning your gonads with several matches.
"I like to blow sheepdogs.  Please, am I okay?"
Alt.tasteless provides this for free every day!

If it's nasty and unpleasant
If it's really vile...
It can be found here, on this humble news group
(We just like to make you smile).

Credit: Steve Monson

Dicks that are stolen and placed in girls' handbags,
Feco-stalagmites and crusty old snotrags,
Kittens by motorbikes ground to a paste,
All evoke images too good to waste.

Super-glued condoms with ground glass and fish hooks,
Flatulent recipes, new road kill cookbooks,
Ovine pudenda with mucus bedewed:
These are our stories, both tasteless and rude!

When my fiends say "That's disgusting"!
I know right away,
The folks in this newsgroup won't turn me away.
Alt.tasteless, you make my day!

Credit:  Kevin Skelm

Peeled babies sucked dry by thousands of leeches,
AIDS-ridden garbage on North Eastern beaches,
Suck fuckers piercing their dicks with steel rings...
These are a few of my favourite things!

Credit:  Richard Barry Ling

Toilet bowls clogged up with soft slimly faeces,
Guys giving head jobs to various species,
Dead cats on roadsides, to name but a few - 
These are the things that make me want to spew!

Bubbling loogies of curling green mucus,
Stories of vomitors, retchers and pukers,
Chickens all trussed up with tape round their wings - 
These are a few of my favourite things!

Big balls of snot roasting slowly on spits,
Blood and pus oozing like toothpaste from zits,
Mould filled vaginas and foetus dissection
These are the things that give me an erection!

Old dried up earthworms lying rotting in drains,
Rat's heads exploding when attached to the mains.
Six metre stalactites made from dried crap - 
Please pass a bucket, I'm about to throw up...

Hawks ripping rabbits to shreds with their talons.
Fat slags with pussies that hold seven gallons.
Dark hairy armpits and hot blowfly soup -
Such are the thighs that you'll read in this group.

Farts which just make the tears flow from your eyes,
Tits which hang right down to cellulite thighs,
Open heart surgery, digs cut in half -
Now please excuse me, I'm going to barf.

Credit:  Dave Rhubhymen

Squicking new-born babies with my beastly penis,
Blood sucking bastards with huge genital penis's,
Posting great GIF's of females with dicks,
These are a few of my favourite things!

Credit:  Danniel J. Blumenfeld

Stories about pets eating shards of ground glass,
Sticking explosives up a cat's inflamed arse.
Recipes for chunky cream of shit stew.
Delivered from a.t. directly to you.

Dining on road-kill from wide studded tyres,
Burning the genitals with Nichrome wires,
Condensing one's farts with liquid nitrogen.
Posted on a.t. again and again.

How to make head cheese with two-week old jism,
Tasteless jokes made at and cataclysm,
Death of small children in hilarious ways.
You could read a.t. endlessly for days.

Fermented stench of yeast-infected pussies,
Green slimly turdlets from baby's raw tushies,
Talk of bodily fluids incredibly vile.
It's better than sex, so read a.t. awhile.

Giving enemas made with chilli powder,
The etiquette of serving chilled maggot chowder.
Comments and critiques amuse and appal,
This forum of tastelessness will reveal all.

Mutilating scrota of yapping poodles,
Baking used tampons into cherry strudels,
Porking pus-filled eyes of the dead.
Reading A.t. is like getting good head.

When you want to
Be so sickened
That you'll need to hurl.
Just tap into a.t. and read all the posts, and experience gross-out
world

Credit:  Phineas Narco

Bright copper kettles and warm woollen mittens,
Disembowelled babies and dismembered kittens,
Brown paper letter bombs tied up with string,
These are a few of my favourite things.

Girls with white dresses with blue satin sashes,
I love to whip them with long leather lashes.
Serial killers who do nasty things,
These are a few of my favourite things.

Priests, nuns and school girls cut up in pieces,
Car crashes, throat slashes, deadly diseases,
Overturned cop cars and needles that sting.
These are a few of my favourite things.

When I', bored and feeling rotten,
When I'm feeling sad,
I think of a few of my favourite things
And then I go completely mad!

Credit:  Geoff Miller


When I get the leisure, I will retype the alternative a.t. theme song
which runs to the tune of 'Things that remind me of you'.    AND.....
the Tasteless Alphabet for Kids.


--
Jon Hartley

From nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!uunet!in3.uu.net!206.229.87.25!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!EU.net!sun4nl!Leiden.NL.net!Zwolle.NL.net!Utrecht.NL.net!knoware.nl!usenet Wed May 14 12:47:34 1997
Path: nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!uunet!in3.uu.net!206.229.87.25!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!EU.net!sun4nl!Leiden.NL.net!Zwolle.NL.net!Utrecht.NL.net!knoware.nl!usenet
From: Jeroen van Kessel <jvkessel@knoware.NOSPAM.nl>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: alt.tasteless.jokes FAQ (1/1)
Date: Sun, 11 May 1997 16:55:24 +0200
Organization: PELLETS 'R' US
Lines: 325
Message-ID: <3375DDDC.5269CD80@knoware.NOSPAM.nl>
Reply-To: Jeroen van Kessel <jvkessel@knoware.nl>
NNTP-Posting-Host: huisie-ppp2.knoware.nl
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.0b3 [en] (Win95; I)
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)

[Alt.Tasteless.Jokes FAQ]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 4.6

Posting Frequency: Every Week
Last-modified: April 29 1997
Maintained by Jeroen van Kessel (jvkessel@knoware.nl)
Formerly maintained by Dave Pease (dpease@c-prompt-sd.com)
HTML by Steven Willoughby (oracle@synapse.net)

Changes: new objoke

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Introduction

Greetings and welcome to what used to be the funniest place on the
Internet. Unfortunately, through lack of proper use atj is not what it
used
to be. Please read this FAQ if you are a newcomer to the group or if you
think it's okay to flame (racists, England, Minnesota, USA, Joe Kohn,
John
Griffin, etc.) without writing a joke.

If you don't feel like reading this entire faq, please remember the
following statement:

*** DON'T POST TO THE NEWSGROUP WITHOUT INCLUDING A JOKE ***

As long as you always abide by this, and others do the same, this
newsgroup
will be a much more rewarding endeavor for everyone.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Table of Contents

     1. Introduction

     2. Table of Contents

     3. Safe Use of atj - a note for newbies

     4. Frequently Asked Questions

     5. Other resources

     6. Conclusion

     7. objoke

     8. Take me to the alt.tasteless.jokes newsgroup

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Safe Use of atj - a note for newbies

So you are a new participant in this newsgroup, eh? Well, I hope you
have
your asbestos suit handy--because, regardless of what folks say, atj is
a
mine field for new members. The people who read this group are not very
patient with silly mistakes, and are not very restrained in going about
flaming them. This place is not for the weak of spirit...

That being said, if you go over this FAQ carefully, your chances of
posting
unburned will be significantly higher. And just remember: if there's one
thing this newsgroup needs, it's new blood, newbies with new jokes. So,
regardless of the result, if you are posting new material to atj, your
work
will be appreciated by the (probably silent) majority.

Good luck.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------



And no, it's not illegal to post such a joke.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

5. Other resources

A. Humor newsgroups

   * alt.humor.best-of-usenet - The funniest posts from all over the
     usenet.
   * alt.humor.puns - If you find such things funny...
   * rec.humor.funny - A moderated newsgroup. Tame.
   * rec.humor - Less caustic than atj.
   * talk.bizarre - Funny-peculiar stuff.

B. Tasteless newsgroups

   * alt.tasteless - The drainage culvert below the information
     superhighway.
   * alt.tasteless.penis - I haven't got a clue and I probably am better
     off that way...
   * alt.binaries.pictures.tasteless - Stomach-turning binary posts.

C. Flame newsgroups

   * alt.flame - If you'd like to generically piss someone off for no
good
     reason, atj is *not* the best place to do it. In alt.flame, they
like
     this type of thing. Get off on it or something. Whatever. In any
case,
     please post your basic flames here, and not in atj.
   * alt.nuke.europe - If you've got a problem with England, this is a
     *great* place to check out.
   * alt.nuke.the.USA - If you've got a problem with the United States,
     this is a *great* place to check out.

D. Web sites

See the Humor HOTList for other WWW sites.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

6. Conclusion

If you have anything to add or subtract, mail me at jvkessel@knoware.nl.

(you don't even need to have a joke in your message as long as it's not
posted.) If you want to flame me (or anyone) by mail, please do so. If
you
want to flame me (or anyone) in the newsgroup please include an objoke
when
you do so.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

7. objoke

These four gents go out to play golf one sunny morning. One is detained
in
the clubhouse, and the other three are discussing their children while
walking to the first tee.

My son," says one, "has made quite a name for himself in the
home-building
industry. He began as a carpenter, but now owns his own design and
construction firm. He's so successful in fact, in the last year he was
able
to give a good friend a brand new home as a gift."

The second man, not to be outdone, allows how his son began his career
as a
car salesman, but now owns a multi-line dealership. He's so successful,
in
fact, in the last six months he gave a friend two brand new cars as a
gift."

The third man's son has worked his way up through a stock brokerage and
in
the last few weeks has given a good friend a large stock portfolio as a
gift.

As the fourth man arrives at the tee box, another tells him that they
have
been discussing their progeny and asks what line his son is in. "To tell
the truth, I'm not very pleased with how my son has turned out, he
replies.
"For fifteen years, he's been a hairdresser, and I've just recently
discovered he's a practicing homosexual. But, on the bright side, he
must
be good at what he does because his last three boyfriends have given him
a
brand new house, two cars, and a big pile of stock certificates."

8. Take me to the alt.tasteless.jokes newsgroup 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------



========
Newsgroups: talk.bizarre
Subject: A very long rant
From: anne@panix.com (Annie)
Date: 19 May 1997 17:12:10 -0400

What it feels like to have dog shit crammed down your throat.

Once upon a time I had an ATM card from Chase Manhattan Bank. But then 
Chase, without consulting me, sent me a _new_ and _better_ card: an ATM 
card disguised as a MasterCard credit card! A debit card! Yes!

No!

I don't want a debit card. I don't need a debit card. My credit rating benefits
Not At All from a fake credit card. I have perfectly good credit cards. JUST 
GIVE ME MY DAMN ATM BANK CARD WITH NO OTHER LOGOS ON IT, PLEASE. Please.

So I just ignored the card, cut it up, threw it away, continued to use my 
"classic" ATM card. So did James.

But! Because we did not call up and activate and then cancel the debit card, 
thus marking our account as one preferring to receive the "classic" card at 
renewal time--at renewal time, when our cards expired, WE RECEIVED 
NO CARD AT ALL. What a great system!

So I called. I bitched. They said, gee, you should have called and 
activated/canceled that debit card, then you would have automatically gotten 
your classic card on time. Here, let us fix your account, they said. Now 
we'll send you a new classic card, and henceforth (they said) you will only 
receive classic cards at renewal time.

Well, when hubby's card expired he had to go through the same hoops to get 
his new classic card. But here's the twist: when *I* canceled/renewed my 
card, his portion of the account remained untouched (he would have to call 
up himself). But when _he_ canceled/renewed _his_ card, why golly 
gee! The teller decided that MY CARD ought to be canceled and renewed 
again too! After all, hubby IS a MAN. Never mind that *I* am the primary 
account holder and he the joint holder. Oh no! If the husband cancels his 
card--the little wifey gets zapped too! This would not have been as deeply 
humiliating, but I was on vacation at the time, with Nina. Yes, that's right. 
I was 7.5 hours from home with an 11.5 week old child and cut off from my 
bank account.

Brilliant.

So I called. I bitched. It was a very long conversation, and I spoke with a 
Manager. They said, gee, we don't know how that happened. But hey, a 
new card is being mailed to you! But I'm not at home you morons! I yelled. 
Well, okay. Go to your nearest branch and pick up a *temporary* card. In 
the meantime, (they said), we'll cancel that card that's in the mail to you 
(we have to, in order to issue a temporary!!) and mail another one! Why, I 
said, can't you just REACTIVATE the card I have? We're talking a 
KEYSTROKE here, folks, I said. No, no! they said. It just can't be done. 
Security reasons, y'know. Security my white zitty butt. Bad programming 
is more like it.

I went to the nearest branch. I requested a temporary card. The bank 
manager called up my information on her computer. Oh, you lost your card? 
she said. NO, I panted, it was CANCELED in SEXIST ERROR. Oh, she 
said. It says here in the system that you lost it. This, after a twenty-
minute, manager-involved call. Well, I'll be dipped in shit, I muttered 
under my breath. And I took my temporary card and skedaddled.

Back home from vacation, I cut up my first new classic ATM card. I cut up 
the second classic card. I cut up the temporary card. And I put the third-
issued classic card in my wallet (after determining that it indeed worked). I 
thought perhaps it would all end there.

But no.

Today, in the mail.

A MasterCard ATM card, in my name, with a sticker on it--Call To Activate!

Aie.

So I called. I bitched.  I said, I'm on my fourth ATM card in a month. What 
about this scenario still isn't clear to you folks? What do I have to do? 
Well, they said, you have to activate/cancel the MasterCard card. But, I said, 
won't that deactivate my current NEW classic card? Oh, yes, they said. 
That's how it works. Then we'll send you a new classic ATM card in the 
mail......

I've had nicer recurring nightmares than this.

What, I said, is to prevent you from sending me another one of these 
damned debit cards in the future? Well, they said, once you order a classic 
card, your account will be marked as such, and you will only receive classic 
cards in the future.

Now, where have I heard THAT ONE before?

Walter V. Shipley
CEO
270 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017

That's his name. That's his address. Until today, I wasn't going to send 
him a letter. Really, I wasn't. I was going to let bygones be bygones. But 
now? Oh Ho!

Annie



   A SHORT HISTORY OF THE AFL
   --------------------------

The game of Aussie Rules was first played in 1858 by two of the private schools
in Melbourne. The original game consisted of 40 players and the field was 1 mile
long. The first to score won the match. Of course this took too long so the game
was quickly refined to something very similar to today's game. In 1859 the first
club game took place between the Geelong and Melbourne football clubs. Then most
clubs were run on a voluntary committee basis, or as a club for people to join
as they please. Now most of the clubs are companies and shares can be purchased
in each team. There is no real private ownership here (it was tried but it
failed as it is not really profitable).

Anyway, after this first games other clubs were formed from various regions
close to Melbourne. Originally these clubs were offshoots from cricket clubs and
the game was used to keep cricketers fit during the winter months. Some of the
teams that were formed in those early days were:
        Carlton (formed 1864)
        Collingwood (1892)
        Essendon (1873)
        Fitzroy (1884)
        Geelong (1859)
        Melbourne (1858)
        South Melbourne (1874) (now the Sydney Swans)
        St. Kilda (1873)

In 1877 most of these teams as well as others from around Melbourne formed an
association called the Victorian Footbal Association (VFA). This association
still exists today but it is of a lower standard than the AFL. By 1896 the
management of the VFA was becoming autocratic and so Collingwood, Essendon,
Fitzroy, Geelong, Melbourne, and South Melbourne met in 1896 and decided to form
a breakaway league called the Victorian Football League (VFL). They also invited
Carlton and St.Kilda (as they were the richest clubs). In 1897 the VFL first
played its games. The first premiership was won by Essendon. St.Kilda finally
won its first game in Round 1, 1900 after 48 consecutive losses (I told you they
were only there because they were rich).

    Premierships (1897-1907):
    ------------------------
    1897 Essendon   (no grand final)
    1898 Fitzroy        (38)  d. Essendon        (23)
    1899 Fitzroy        (27)  d. South Melbourne (26)
    1900 Melbourne      (34)  d. Fitzroy         (30)
    1901 Essendon       (43)  d. Collingwood     (16)
    1902 Collingwood    (60)  d. Essendon        (27)
    1903 Collingwood    (31)  d. Fitzroy         (29)
    1904 Fitzroy        (61)  d. Carlton         (37)
    1905 Fitzroy        (72)  d. Carlton         (45)
    1906 Carlton        (94)  d. Fitzroy         (45)
    1907 Carlton        (50)  d. South Melbourne (45)

The VFL had grown greatly in its first years. From only 3000 people watching
the first finals matches, the crowds had grown to 45000 watching the 1907 grand
final. As such there was pressure for more games to be played. More teams had
to be admitted so the league took applications from clubs. In 1908 University
(formed 1866 from Melboure University) and Richmond (1885) joined. North
Melbourne was told to wait for another place to open (in 17 years time).

    Premierships (1908-1914):
    ------------------------
    1908 Carlton        (35)  d. Essendon        (26)
    1909 South Melbourne(38)  d. Carlton         (36)
    1910 Collingwood    (61)  d. Carlton         (47)
    1911 Essendon       (41)  d. Collingwood     (35)
    1912 Essendon       (47)  d. South Melbourne (33) (rec. attendance 54,463)
    1913 Fitzroy        (56)  d. St.Kilda        (43) (rec. attendance 59,479)
    1914 Carlton        (45)  d. South Melbourne (39)

In 1915 the war came and clubs began disbanding due to the shortage of players.
University disbanded in 1915 and was never to enter league ranks again. In 1916,
Essendon (rejoined 1918), Geelong (1917), Melbourne (1919), South Melbourne
(1917) and St.Kilda (1918) were forced into recess.

In the pre-war years of the VFL the scores were very low. Place-kicks were used
(a la rugby and american football) when shooting for goal and this slowed the
game. After the war, scores increased with the decreased use of the place-kick,
the penalisation of kicking the ball out of bounds and a general greater profic-
iency of the game eventually lead to regular record high scores in the 1930's.

    Premierships (1915-1924):
    ------------------------
    1915 Carlton        (78)  d. Collingwood     (45)
    1916 Fitzroy        (85)  d. Carlton         (56)
    1917 Collingwood    (74)  d. Fitzroy         (39)
    1918 South Melbourne(62)  d. Collingwood     (57)
    1919 Collingwood    (78)  d. Richmond        (53)
    1920 Richmond       (52)  d. Collingwood     (35)
    1921 Richmond       (36)  d. Carlton         (32)
    1922 Fitzroy        (79)  d. Collingwood     (68)
    1923 Essendon       (63)  d. Fitzroy         (46)
    1924 Essendon     (no final played)

In 1925 crowds once again were getting substantially bigger. The league decided
to expand to 12 clubs. They received applications from many clubs in the VFA
but they decided to chose North Melbourne, Hawthorn, and Footscray. The league
stayed with these twelve teams until 1982 when South Melbourne moved to Sydney.

To understand where all these teams come from, here is a map of Melbourne and
the suburbs which the clubs are named after. Geelong is a city about 50 miles
South West of Melbourne.

                                                   1=Melbourne
                                                   2=North Melbourne
                                                   3=Footscray
                           11                      4=Carlton
                                 5 6               5=Fitzroy
                              2  4                 6=Collingwood
                           3   _1   9   10         7=South Melbourne
                              /  \7                8=St.Kilda
                            /      \8              9=Richmond
                          /          \             10=Hawthorn
                                                   11=Essendon
     Scale
              -----
              0   5 km

The teams had a great rivalry between them. The rivalry had two causes: a close
proximity to each other, or close and hard fought games. The oldest rivalry in
the VFL was between Carlton and Collingwood. This was mainly because Carlton
was the more affluent suburb, and Collingwood was the working-class suburb.
Other rivalries have been formed over the years, such as Melbourne and
Collingwood because they played 6 or 7 grand finals between each other in the
1950's. Other rivalries are Collingwood and Richmond, Carlton and Richmond,
Essendon and Carlton. For most Melbournites, the two teams you love to hate are
Carlton and Collingwood. This is also the case because they have won the most
premierships between them.

 Geelong finally won their first flag in 1925 but amazingly they lost their
first game of the year to newcomer North Melbourne. All three new teams in 1925
were in the bottom three with Hawthorn coming last. This was also the case in
1926 and 1927. Hawthorn came last in 1925, 1927, 1928, and 1932. North Melbourne
came last in all the other years until 1935 except for one. It wasn't until
round 2 of the 1938 season that all three teams won a game on the same day!

 Collingwood began their unparalleled record in 1927 of four premierships in a
row. They won the flag in 1928 with an unbeaten regular season and only lost the
second-semi final to Richmond who they beat in the Grand Final. In fact they
defeated Richmond in three of the four premierships. Some of Collingwood's
greatest legends played in this era. Gordon Coventry played over 300 games for
the club, the first player in the VFL to do so. He also has the record aggregate
goals with 1299 for his career. Collingwood was also coached in this period by
the great Jock McHale. McHale was associated with Collingwood from 1903 and
coached the club for 37 years from 1913 to 1949. He took the club to 20 Grand
Finals and won 8 premierships. Other great names in this period were Syd
Coventry, Harry Collier and Albert Collier.

 Some changes occurred in the game around this game. In 1930 a reserve was
introduced. The reserve was known as the 19th man as there are 18 men in a team.
The reserves changed in the same manner as a soccer reserve. In 1931 the finals
system was changed to the 'Final Four' system. This system was retained until
1970 when there was a 'Final Five'. The previous 'Argus' system allowed the team
that finished on top of the ladder to challenge a re-match if they lost the
final! amongst other anomailes.

 The 1930's saw the continuing strength of Richmond, Geelong, Collingwood and
Carlton but the surprise was South Melbourne. South won the first 10 games of
the 1932 season but then their luck ran out. They finished with a 13-5 record
that season and lost their finals match, but the next year they won the flag.
In 1934 their star goal kicker Bob Pratt broke the season goal-kicking record
to kick 150 goals in 21 games, a record only equalled by Hawthorn's Peter Hudson
in 1970. Even though South was the first team to score over 2000 points in an
18 game season they still lost the Grand Final. In fact they also lost the next
two.

 Fitzroy and Essendon had an amazing run in the Brownlow Medal during this
period. They won every Brownlow medal between 1931 to 1938, Fitzroy winning 5 of
the 8. The main winners were two great players of the day, Haydn Bunton of
Fitzroy and Dick Reynolds of Essendon. The each won 6 of the 8 Brownlow Medals
in this period. The list of Brownlow medal winners until 1939 are:

                1924    E. 'Craji' Greeves      Geelong
                1925    Colin Watson            St.Kilda
                1926    Ivor Warne Smith        Melbourne
                1927    Syd Coventry            Collingwood
                1928    Ivor Warne Smith        Melbourne
                1929    Albert Collier          Collingwood
                1930    Harry Collier           Collingwood
                        Stan Judkins            Richmond
                        Allan Hopkins           Footscray
                1931    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1932    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1933    W. 'Chicken' Smallhorn  Fitzroy
                1934    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1935    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1936    Dinny Ryan              Fitzroy
                1937    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1938    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1939    Marcus Whelan           Collingwood

 The premierships between 1925 and 1939 went to:

    Premierships (1925-1939):
    -------------------------
    1925 Geelong        (79)  d. Collingwood     (69)
    1926 Melbourne     (119)  d. Collingwood     (62)
    1927 Collingwood    (25)  d. Richmond        (13)
    1928 Collingwood    (96)  d. Richmond        (63)
    1929 Collingwood    (79)  d. Richmond        (50)
    1930 Collingwood   (100)  d. Geelong         (70)
    1931 Geelong        (68)  d. Richmond        (48)
    1932 Richmond       (92)  d. Carlton         (83)
    1933 S. Melbourne   (71)  d. Richmond        (29)
    1934 Richmond      (128)  d. S. Melbourne    (89)
    1935 Collingwood    (78)  d. S. Melbourne    (58)
    1936 Collingwood    (89)  d. S. Melbourne    (78)
    1937 Geelong       (122)  d. Collingwood     (90)
    1938 Carlton       (100)  d. Collingwood     (85)
    1939 Melbourne     (148)  d. Collingwood     (95)

 The Grand Finals were regularly drawing crowds of between 60,000 and 80,000,
but the 1938 Grand Final drew a crowd of 96,834. In 1939, the Grand Final was
down because of war breaking out in Europe on September 1st.

 That is enough for now. I hope you have enjoyed this early history of the VFL.
I have not mentioned some of the other great names like Roy Cazaly of St.Kilda
and South Melbourne, Reg Hickey of Geelong, Jack Titus of Richmond, 'Soapy'
Valence of Carlton, and others but there isn't enough space. If you would like
to read more about the game, the book 'Every Game Ever Played' contains all
the scores from VFL/AFL matches up to the end of the 1992 season. I'll try to
write the post-war part soon.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-  John Marinopoulos                                                      -
-                                                                         -
-  Department of Mathematics                           Tel:+613 565 5460  -
-  Monash University                                   Fax:+613 565 4403  -
-  Clayton Victoria 3168            E-mail: marino@vaxc.cc.monash.edu.au  -
-  Australia                                                              -
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-         GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS!          -
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-


  The following are copies of actual written statement collected form various
auto insurance companies in Northern and Southern California.  The drivers were
instructed to give a brief statement on the particulars of the accident in their
own words.
			  <(*******************)>

  Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't
have.  The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its
instructions.  I thought my window was down but I found out it was up when I put
my hand through it.

  I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.

  A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.

  A pedestrian hit me and went under my car.

  The gut was all over the road.  I had to swerve a number of times before I hit
him.

  I was on my to the doctors with rear end trouble when my universal joint gave
way causing me to have an accident.

  As I approached the intersection a stop sign suddenly appeared at a place
where no stop sign had ever appeared before.  I was unable to avoid the
accident.  I told police that I wasn't injured, but upon removing my hat I found
that I had skull fracture.

  The other car attempted to cut in front of me so I, with my right bumper,
removed his left front tail light.

  I had been learning to drive with power steering.  I turned the wheel to what
I thought was enough room and found my self in a different direction going the
opposite way.

  I was thrown from my car as it left the road.  I was later found in a ditch by
some stray cows.

  I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother in law and
headed over the embankment.

  The gentleman behind me struck me on the backside.  He then went to rest in
the bush with just his rear end showing.

  I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home.  As I reached
the intersection a hedge sprang up obscuring my vision.  I did not see the other
car.

  I had been driving my car for 40 years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had
the accident.

  The accident occurred when I was attempting to bring my car out of a skid by
steering it into the other vehicle.

  I was unable to stop in time and my car crashed into the other vehicle.  The
driver and passengers left immediately for a vacation with injuries.  An
invisible car came out of nowhere and struck my vehicle and vanished.  I saw the
slow moving, sad faced old man as he bounced off my car.  The indirect cause of
this accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth.

  I was backing my car out of the driveway in the usual manner, when it was
struck by the other car in the same place it had been struck several times
before.  In my attempt to kill a fly I drove into a telephone pole.  I thought I
could squeeze between two trucks when my car became squashed.  My car was
legally parked as it backed into the other vehicle.  The pedestrian had no idea
to go so I ran over him.  The telephone pole was approaching fast.  I was
attempting to swerve out of its path when it struck my front end.

  To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front of me I struck the pedestrian.
I was sure the old fellow would make it to the other side of the road when I
struck him.

  When I saw I could not avoid the collision, I stepped on the gas and crashed
into the other car.

  I was taking my canary to the hospital.  It got loose in the car and flew out
the window.  The next thing was his rear end and there was a crash.

			<(*************************)>

	And you wonder why it takes weeks, sometimes months to receive
	restitution from automobile insurance companies? It takes them that
	long to decipher what their clients are trying to tell them.

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

The story behind the letter below is that there is this nutcase in
Newport, Vermont named Scott Williams who digs things out of his back
yard and sends the stuff he finds to the Smithsonian Institution,
labelling them with scientific names, and insisting that they are
actual archaeological finds.

This guy really exists and does this in his spare time! Anyway, here's
the actual response from the Smithsonian Institution. Bear this in mind
next time you think you are challenged in your duty to respond to a
difficult situation in writing.
________________________________________________________________________


Smithsonian Institution
207 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC 20078

Dear Mr. Williams:

Thank you for your latest submission to the Institute, labelled
"93211-D, layer seven, next to the clothesline post... Hominid skull."

We have given this specimen a careful and detailed examination, and
regret to inform you that we disagree with your theory that it
represents conclusive proof of the presence of Early Man in Charleston
County two million years ago. Rather, it appears that what you have
found is the head of a Barbie doll, of the variety that one of our 
staff, who has small children, believes to be "Malibu Barbie."

It is evident that you have given a great deal of thought to the
analysis of this specimen, and you may be quite certain that those of
us who are familiar with your prior work in the field were loathe to
come to contradiction with your findings. However, we do feel that
there are a number of physical attributes of the specimen which might
have tipped you off to its modern origin:

1.   The material is moulded plastic. Ancient hominid remains are
     typically fossilised bone.
2.   The cranial capacity of the specimen is approximately 9 cubic
     centimetres, well below the threshold of even the earliest
     identified proto-hominids. 
3.   The dentition pattern evident on the skull is more consistent with
     the common domesticated dog than it is with the ravenous
     man-eating Plieocene clams you speculate roamed the wetlands
     during that time.

This latter finding is certainly one of the most intriguing hypotheses
you have submitted in your history with this institution, but the
evidence seems to weigh rather heavily against it. Without going into
too much detail, let us say that:

A.   The specimen looks like the head of a Barbie doll that a dog has
     chewed on.
B.   Clams don't have teeth.

It is with feelings tinged with melancholy that we must deny your
request to have the specimen carbon-dated. This is partially due to the
heavy load our lab must bear in its normal operation, and partly due to
carbon-dating's notorious inaccuracy in fossils of recent geologic
record. To the best of our knowledge, no Barbie dolls were produced
prior to 1956 AD, and carbon-dating is likely to produce wildly
inaccurate results.

Sadly, we must also deny your request that we approach the National
Science Foundation Phylogeny Department with the concept of assigning
your specimen the scientific name Australopithecus spiff-arino.
Speaking personally, I, for one, fought tenaciously for the acceptance
of your proposed taxonomy, but was ultimately voted down because the
species name you selected was hyphenated, and didn't really sound like
it might be Latin.

However, we gladly accept your generous donation of this fascinating
specimen to the museum. While it is undoubtedly not a Hominid fossil,
it is, nonetheless, yet another riveting example of the great body of
work you seem to accumulate here so effortlessly. You should know that
our Director has reserved a special shelf in his own office for the
display of the specimens you have previously submitted to the
Institution, and the entire staff speculates daily on what you will
happen upon next in your digs at the site you have discovered in your
Newport back yard.

We eagerly anticipate your trip to our nation's capital that you
proposed in your last letter, and several of us are pressing the
Director to pay for it. We are particularly interested in hearing you
expand on your theories surrounding the trans-positating fillifitation
of ferrous ions in a structural matrix that makes the excellent
juvenile Tyrannosaurus rex femur you recently discovered take on the
deceptive appearance of a rusty 9-mm Sears Craftsman automotive
crescent wrench.

Yours in Science,
Harvey Rowe
Chief Curator -Antiquities

He spoke with the wisdom that can only come from experience, like a guy who
went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with
a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at high schools about
the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a
pinhole in it. Joseph Romm, Washington

She caught your eye like one of those pointy hook latches that used to dangle
from screen doors and would fly up whenever you banged the door open again.
Rich Murphy, Fairfax Station

The little boat gently drifted across the pond exactly the way a bowling ball
wouldn't. Russell Beland, Springfield

McBride fell 12 stories, hitting the pavement like a Hefty Bag filled with
vegetable soup. Paul Sabourin, Silver Spring

From the attic came an unearthly howl. The whole scene had an eerie, surreal
quality, like when you're on vacation in another city and "Jeopardy" comes on
at 7 p.m. instead of 7:30. Roy Ashley, Washington

Her hair glistened in the rain like nose hair after a sneeze. Chuck Smith,
Woodbridge

Her eyes were like two brown circles with big black dots in the center. Russell
Beland, Springfield

Bob was as perplexed as a hacker who means to access
T:flw.quid55328.com\aaakk/ch@ung but gets T:\flw.quidaaakk/ch@ung by mistake.
Ken Krattenmaker, Landover Hills

Her vocabulary was as bad as, like, whatever. Unknown

He was as tall as a six-foot-three-inch tree. Jack Bross, Chevy Chase

The hailstones leaped from the pavement, just like maggots when you fry them in
hot grease. Gary F. Hevel, Silver Spring

Her date was pleasant enough, but she knew that if her life was a movie this
guy would be buried in the credits as something like "Second Tall Man." Russell
Beland, Springfield

Long separated by cruel fate, the star-crossed lovers raced across the grassy
field toward each other like two freight trains, one having left Cleveland at
6:36 p.m. traveling at 55 mph, the other from Topeka at 4:19 p.m. at a speed of
35 mph. Jennifer Hart, Arlington

The politician was gone but unnoticed, like the period after the Dr. on a Dr
Pepper can. Wayne Goode, Madison, Ala.

They lived in a typical suburban neighborhood with picket fences that resembled
Nancy Kerrigan's teeth Paul Kocak, Syracuse, N.Y.

John and Mary had never met. They were like two hummingbirds who had also never
met. Russell Beland, Springfield

The thunder was ominous-sounding, much like the sound of a thin sheet of metal
being shaken backstage during the storm scene in a play. Barbara Fetherolf,
Alexandria

His thoughts tumbled in his head, making and breaking alliances like underpants
in a dryer without Cling Free Chuck Smith, Woodbridge

The red brick wall was the color of a brick-red Crayola crayon. Unknown


AUDI
Accelerates Under Demonic Influence
Always Unsafe Designs Implemented

BMW
Babbling Mechanical Wench
Bavaria's Mechaniacal Wench
Beastly Monsterous Wonder
Beautiful Masterpieces on Wheels
Beautiful Mechanical Wonder
Big Money Waste
Big Money Works
Blasphemous Motorized Wreck
Born Moderately Wealthy
Bought My Wife
Break My Windows
Broken Money Waster
Brutal Money Waster
Bumbling Mechanical Wretch

BUICK
Big Ugly Imported Car Killer
Big Ugly Indestructible Car Killer

CHEVROLET/CHEVY
Can Hear Every Valve Rap On Long Extended Trips
Cheap, Hardly Efficient, Virtually Runs On Luck Every Time
Cracked Head; Every Valve Rattles; Oil Leaks Every Time
Charged Heavily
Cheapest Heap Ever Visioned Yet

DODGE
Damn Old Dirty Gas Eater
Dead Or Dying Garbage Emitter
Drips Oil, Drops Grease Everywhere

FIAT
Failure in Italian Automotive Technology
Feeble Italian Attempt at Transportation
Fix It All the Time
Fix it again, Tony!

FORD
backwards -- Driver Returns On Foot
First On Recall Day
First On Rust and Deterioration
Fix Or Repair Daily
Found On Road, Dead
Fault Of R&D
Fast Only Rolling Downhill
Features O.J. and Ron's DNA
Fucked-Over Rebuilt Dodge
Fraternal Order of Restored DeSoto's
Fucker Only Runs Downhill

GM
General Maintenance
Gasoline Muncher

GMC
Garage Man's Companion
Gotta Mechanic Coming?
Generally Mediocre Cars
Got More Chicks
Got More Crap

HONDA
Had One Never Did Again

HYUNDAI
Hope You Understand Nothing's Driveable And Inexpensive...

JAGUAR
Jerkoff's Automobile Gets Utterly Astonishing Resale

KIA
Korea's Imbecile Automobile

MAZDA
Most Always Zipping Dangerously Along

MOPAR (Chrysler Parts)
Most Often Passed At Races
Mostly Old Parts And Rust

NISSAN
"New, Improved" Shit that Stalls All Night
Nippon's Imported Shit Sucks A Nut

OLDSMOBILE
Old Ladies Driving Slowly Make Others Behind Infuriatingly Late Everyday
Overpriced, Leisurely Driven Sedan Made Of Buick's Irregular Leftover Equipment
Old Lady Drives Seven Mph On Busy Interstate; Late Everytime

PLYMOUTH
Please Let Your Mother Out from Under The Hood!
Pussy Lips in Your Mouth

PONTIAC
Poor Old Nigger Thinks It's A Cadillac

SAAB
Send Another Automobile Back
Such An Arrogant Bastard!
Swedish Automobiles Always Breakdown
Swedish Automobiles Are Bitchy

TOYOTA
Too Often Yankees Overprice This Auto

VOLVO
Very Odd Looking Vehicular Object

VW
Very Wasteful
Virtually Worthless

(note from Greg: Additions can be e-mailed to gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu or sent to usenet's
alt.tasteless.jokes)

========

I had hoped that on arrival the weather would be performing
dramatically; that the buildings would be looming out of thick fog, or
that thunder and lightning would be battling in the sky. Or perhaps
that there would be uncharacteristicly clear and warm weather for the
time of year, with surreal blue skies and crisp shadows. Instead,
above me was the standard grey that there isn't a suitable metaphor
for; the kind of grey you expect in the first week. It was raining
slightly.

Flash forward to summer.

At two o'clock in the morning it is still quite hot. I can feel the
heat radiating off the concrete of the footpath beneath me and the
bricks of the wall on which I am sitting are keeping the backs of my
legs pleasantly warm too. I can see clearly, because my eyes have
adjusted to the darkness, but for someone turning off the well-lit
main road and onto the avenue it will seem very dark. Their
vision will be further impeded by the plane trees that line this
road. I am waiting for the right person to come past. I think I'll
know who it is when they arrive. I stroke the heavy piece of pipe on
the wall next to me. Surprisingly, it is quite cool to the touch.

A couple of men walk past, talking loudly to each other. They don't
notice me.

Time passes. The night has an almost metallic smell to it. I can hear
the trees growing.

I hear light, nervous footprints approaching, and I become alert. It
must be three o'clock by now. I would check my watch but it's too dark
to see the dial properly. I've chosen the part of the wall between the
two sodium lamps performing the most feeble impression of the sun
imaginable. I'm right; it is an undergraduate returning to college,
possibly from some late-night tryst. I pick the pipe up, and silence
my breathing.

I can taste blood in my mouth, so I reason that I must have bitten my
tongue in anticipation. It doesn't matter. My victim is close now.
Closer. Closest. I jump.

Hitting out with the pipe is like hitting a cushion so I hit and hit
and strike and strike and there is no noise but just the rushing of
blood in my ears and in my mouth and I keep hitting even though an
annoying little voice in my head is keeping a tally saying "twenty" so
this is why there "twenty-one" are so many stab wounds in knife
assaults "twenty-two" because it's so easy and I have to hit lower now
because she has fallen to the floor "twenty-three" and now it is time
for me to run so I run.

I'm back in my room and after washing the blood from the pipe and my
hands in the sink there doesn't seem to be anything better to do, so I
log on and read my e-mail.

I find that if I stare at the candle in my dimly lit room long enough,
I start to get tunnel vision. This is how I want to exist at the
moment; I want to feel that the end is closer now, and I want the
darkness to gather around me. Soon it will all be over. I take a last
glance at the keyboard in front of me, and prepare to type in the last
two sentences.

I swallow the final tablet in the bottle. It worries me to think that,
at the end of it all, it is quite possible that the only death I am
really responsible for is my own.



From awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG Tue Sep 23 15:08:19 1997
Date: 10 Sep 1997 00:00:00 +0100
From: awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG
Newsgroups: comp.lang.awk, comp.answers, news.answers
Subject: comp.lang.awk FAQ
Followup-To: comp.lang.awk

Archive-name: computer-lang/awk/faq
Author: awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG (Russell Schulz)
Comp-lang-awk-archive-name: faq
Posting-Frequency: biweekly
Last-modified: 1997-Aug-12

Frequently Asked Questions == FAQ


========================================================================

Contents:

   1. Disclaimer
   2. Spam
   3. Can you answer my awk question?
   4. How can I add a FAQ and its answer to the FAQ list?
   5. What is awk?
   6. What well-maintained awk-compatible languages are there?
     6.1 nawk
     6.2 gawk
     6.3 mawk
     6.4 tawk
     6.5 mksawk
     6.6 awkcc
     6.7 awk2c
     6.8 a2p
   7. Where can I buy awk?
     7.1 AT&T (awk, awkcc)
     7.2 Thompson Automation (tawk)
     7.3 MKS (awk, can generate standalone interpreted .exe)
   8. Where can I get awk for free?  For what platforms?
     8.0 meta-answer
     8.1 the one true awk
     8.2 gawk
       8.2.1 gawk precompiled for MS-DOS or OS/2
       8.2.2 gawk precompiled for Macintosh
       8.2.3 jgawk (Japanese gawk)
       8.2.4 gawk.dll
     8.3 mawk
     8.4 awk2c
     8.5 various old binary-only distributions for MSDOS
     8.99 awkcc
   9. Why would anyone still use awk instead of perl?
  10. How can I learn awk?
  11. What are some other awk resources?
  12. How do I report a bug in gawk?
  13. What's wrong with gawk on Digital's OSF/1?
  14. How can I access shell or environment variables in an awk script?
    14.1 Environment variables in general
    14.2 Unix Shell Quoting
    14.3 ENVIRON and "env"|
    14.4 exporting environment variables back to the parent process
  15. Is there an easy way to determine if you have oawk or nawk?
  16. How does awk deal with multiple files?
    16.0 Version warning
    16.1 How can awk test for the existence of a file?
    16.2 How can I get awk to read multiple files?
    16.3 How can I tell from which file my input is coming?
    16.4 How can I get awk to open multiple files (selected at runtime)?
    16.5 How can I treat the first file specially?
    16.6 How can I explicitly pass in a filename to treat specially?
  17. How many elements were created by split()?
  18. How can I split a string into characters?
  19. How do I use tolower() in the SunOS nawk?
  20. How do I have dynamic-width printf strings, like C?
  21. Why doesn't "\\$" behave like /\\$/ ?
  22. What is gawk's exit code?
  23. How can I get awk to be case-insensitive?
  24. How can I force a numeric/non-numeric comparison?
  25. Why does { FS=":"; print $1 } not split the first record?
  26. Did ^ and $ and . change in gawk?
  27. Why doesn't awk 'begin {...}' work?
  98. Miscellaneous
  99. Credits


========================================================================

1. Disclaimer

Read at your own risk.  The current, previous, or original authors
make no claim as to fitness for any purpose or absence of any errors,
and offer no warranty.  Do not eat.


========================================================================

2. Spam

you wouldn't believe how much spam I get to this address.


========================================================================

3. Can you answer my awk question?

Probably not.  Please don't mail it to me.

Read the FAQ, and the materials pointed to by it, and if you can't find
an answer there, by all means post to the newsgroup.

A FAQ list is intended to reduce traffic on a newsgroup, not eliminate it.


========================================================================

4. How can I add a FAQ and its answer to the FAQ list?

Mail BOTH of them to me.  Then I can add them to the FAQ and it should
help people who have that same question later, as well as everyone who
reads the group, because they won't see it asked and answered so often.

I do not work on this FAQ every day, but I will try to get updates
incorporated in a timely manner.

  
========================================================================

5. What is awk?

awk is a programming language, named after its three original authors:

  Alfred V. Aho
  Brian W. Kernighan
  Peter J. Weinberger

they write:

``
  Awk is a convenient and expressive programming language that can be
  applied to a wide variety of computing and data-manipulation tasks.
''

the title of the book uses `AWK', but the contents of the book
use `awk' (except at the beginning of sentences, as above).  I
will attempt to do the same (except perhaps at the beginning of
sentences, as above).

most implementations of awk are interpreters which read your awk
source program and parse it and act on it directly.

some vendors have developed awk compilers which will produce an
`executable' that may be run stand-alone -- thus, the end user
does not have access to the source code.  there are also various
awk->C converters which allow you to achieve the same
functionality (by compiling the resulting C code later).

one of the most popular compilers, from Thompson Automation,
continues to be the subject of many positive posts in the group.

  [
    I don't really want to start a reviews section, but it may be
    appropriate.  I think it's of general interest, and a good thing
    for the FAQ, but I don't want to be given any grief by a negative
    review I didn't write just because I'm distributing it.

    if you have a review you'd like me to put a pointer to, please
    inform me -- I already have some pointers of this form listed.
  ]


========================================================================

6. What well-maintained awk-compatible languages are there?

  6.1 nawk
    AT&T's `new awk' -- probably nobody uses the `old awk' anymore.
    interpreter
    might NOT be well-maintained

  6.2 gawk
    from the GNU project
    interpreter

  6.3 mawk
    from Michael Brennan <mailto:brennan@whidbey.com>
    interpreter

  6.4 tawk
    from Thompson Automation
    interpreter
    compiler
    MS-Windows DLL

  6.5 mksawk
    interpreter
    compiler
    from Mortice Kern Systems

    an old version of mksawk is shipped as `nawk' on Ultrix and
    OSF/1.

  6.6 awkcc
    translator to C
    might NOT be well-maintained

  6.7 awk2c
    translator to C
    uses GNU awk libraries extensively, and is subject to GPL

  6.8 a2p
    translator to Perl
    comes with Perl
    doesn't handle multiple concatenations:  e.g., var="x" "y" "z"
      -> must be in pairs:  e.g.,  var=( "x" "y" ) "z"
    doesn't handle redirection:  e.g., { print("foo") > "bar" }
      -> no known workaround


========================================================================

7. Where can I buy awk?

7.1 AT&T (awk, awkcc)

  _The AWK Programming Language_ says:
    phone
      +1 201 522 6900 [is this number still valid?]
    and login as `guest'.

  <http://www.unipress.com/att/new/awk.html>
  <http://www.unipress.com/att/new/awkcc.html>
  <http://www.bell-labs.com/org/ssg/html/awk.htm>
  <http://www.bell-labs.com/org/ssg/html/awkcc.htm>

  these versions might NOT be well-maintained

7.2 Thompson Automation (tawk)

  <http://www.tasoft.com/~thompson/tawk.html>

  <http://www.teleport.com/~thompson/>

  Thompson Automation Software
  5616 SW Jefferson
  Portland, OR   97221
  USA

  North America: 800-944-0139
  Phone: +1 503 224 1639
  Fax: +1 503 224 3230

7.3 MKS (awk, can generate standalone interpreted .exe)

  <http://www.mks.ca/solution/tk/>

  Mortice Kern Systems
  185 Columbia Street W
  Waterloo, ON
  N2L 5Z5
  Canada

  North America: 800-265-2797
  Phone: +1 519 884 2251
  Fax: +1 519 884 8861


========================================================================

8. Where can I get awk for free?  For what platforms?

  8.0 meta-answer
    Obtaining Awk and Perl
    <http://uts.cc.utexas.edu/~churchh/awk-perl.html>

  8.1 the one true awk
    <http://plan9.bell-labs.com/who/bwk/awk.sh>
    <ftp://netlib.bell-labs.com/netlib/research/awk.bundle.Z>

    This is the version of awk described in "The Awk Programming Language",
    by A. V. Aho, B. W. Kernighan, and P. J. Weinberger
    (Addison-Wesley, 1988, ISBN 0-201-07981-X).
    Changes, mostly bug fixes, are listed in FIXES.

  8.2 gawk
    NOTE:  gawk 3.0.2 has a per-record memory leak which is fixed
      in (the wide beta and later) of 3.0.3 .

    ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/gawk*
    <ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/>
    e.g.,
      <ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/gawk-3.0.2.tar.gz>

      8.2.1 gawk precompiled for MS-DOS, Win32, or OS/2

        The djgpp collection contains a 32-bit DOS gawk, along with
        many GNU utilities which may be useful with gawk (djgpp ports
        understand long filenames on Windows 95):

        <http://www.simtel.net/simtel.net/>
        <ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/djgpp>

        32-bit DOS (djgpp), Win32, and 16-bit OS/2 and DOS versions are
        part of the GNUish project:

        <http://www.simtel.net/simtel.net/>
        <ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/gnuish/>
        <http://wuarchive.wustl.edu/systems/msdos/gnuish/>
        <http://www.coast.net/SimTel/gnu/gnuish.html>

        32-bit OS/2, Win32, and DOS (emx) versions:

        <http://www.leo.org/pub/comp/os/os2/gnu/script/gnuawk.zip> (Germany)
        <ftp://ftp-os2.cdrom.com/pub/os2/lang/gnuawk.zip>          (US)

      8.2.2 gawk precompiled for Macintosh

        <ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/mac/programming/>
        <ftp://ezinfo.ethz.ch/mac/programming/>
        <ftp://ftp.uwtc.washington.edu/pub/Mac/Programming/>
        <ftp://ftp.eos.hokudai.ac.jp/pub/mac/util/Gawk/>
        <ftp://ftp.fu-berlin.de/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://pascal.zedat.fu-berlin.de/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://ftp.cs.tu-berlin.de/pub/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://nic.switch.ch/software/mac/src/mpw_c/>

      8.2.3 jgawk (Japanese gawk)

        <ftp://ftp.eos.hokudai.ac.jp/pub/mac/util/jgawk/>

      8.2.4 gawk.dll

        <http://www.muc.de/~walkerj/>
          Gawk 2.15.2 plus extensions
          + Read/Write functions for INI files
          + Read-only functions for DBF files

  8.3 mawk
    NOTE:  do not use mawk 1.3.2 (a one-character change yields 1.3.3)
      due to an obscure (and rarely-appearing) regex problem.

    <ftp://ftp.whidbey.net/pub/brennan/>
      e.g.,
      <ftp://ftp.whidbey.net/pub/brennan/mawk1.3.3.tar.gz>

    <ftp://oxy.edu/public/>
    e.g.,
      <ftp://oxy.edu/public/mawk1.2.2.tar.gz>
      <ftp://oxy.edu/public/mawk1.3beta.tar.gz>

  8.4 awk2c
    <ftp://sunsite.unc.edu/pub/Linux/utils/text/awk2c050.tgz>

  8.5 various old binary-only distributions for MSDOS
    <ftp://ftp.coast.net/pub/SimTel/msdos/awk/>
    <http://www.coast.net/SimTel/msdos/awk.html>

  8.99 awkcc [unknown]
    previous versions of this FAQ mentioned a file on MKS' web site.
    Neil Mahoney spent some time examining it and discovered it is
    just a package BUILT with awkcc, not awkcc itself.  eventually,
    this notice will be removed.

some of Neil's explorations are interesting for those looking
for the real awkcc:

Get file copied to my Sun 4 file system (where I do most of my work)

$ ls -l awkcc
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1827 May 20 11:20 README
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1378 May 20 11:20 awk.h
-rwxr-xr-x  1 neilm         118 May 20 11:20 awkcc.sh
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         824 May 20 11:20 dollars.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        3858 May 20 11:20 ear.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         993 May 20 11:20 hash.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1707 May 20 11:20 header.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm      103468 May 20 11:21 libAWK.a
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        4136 May 20 11:20 specassign.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm       14467 May 20 11:20 unipen.c
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         275 May 20 11:20 y.tab.h

Looking good!

$ awkcc.sh
fix errors found by run
$ awkcc.sh

no awkcc executable... what is this ?
-rwxr-xr-x  1 neilm      106496 May 20 11:21 uniparse

$ head -20 README

        ##############################################
        To compile the UNIPEN 1.0 parser, run awkcc.sh
        ##############################################

The following files are from the awkcc package,
provided by Chris Ramming (jcr@research.att.com),
Copyright (c) 1991 AT&T.
All Rights Reserved

awk.h                              awkcc.sh
copyright                          dollars.h
ear.h                              hash.h
header.h                           libAWK.a
specassign.h                       y.tab.h

The file unipen.c is machine generated c code from the unipen.awk
parser, using the awkcc package.
Copyright (c) 1994 - I. Guyon, AT&T Bell Labs.

#  DISCLAIMER:                        #


========================================================================

9. Why would anyone still use awk instead of perl?

  a valid question, since awk is a subset of perl.  however:

  - awk is simpler
  - you may already know awk well enough
  - you may already have only awk installed
  - awk can be smaller, thus much quicker to execute for small programs
  - awk variables don't have `$' in front of them :-)


========================================================================

10. How can I learn awk?

  The commercial vendors of DOS versions (MKS and Thompson) each have
  their own well written books with examples.  [available separately?]

  English Book:

      _The AWK Programming Language_, by Aho, Kernighan and Weinberger,
      who invented the language. Published by Addison-Wesley. Lots of
      good material in not a lot of space.  A little out of date
      with regard to POSIX awk.

      ISBN 0-201-07981-X

      <http://heg-school.aw.com/cseng/authors/aho/awk/awk.html>

  English Book:

      _Effective AWK Programming_ by Arnold Robbins.  Published by
      SSC (+1 206-FOR-UNIX, <http://www.ssc.com>,
      <mailto:sales@ssc.com>). Also published by the FSF as
      "The GNU AWK User's Guide"; Texinfo source is included with
      the gawk distribution, so you can also print this yourself.

      ISBN 0-916151-88-3

      Russell recommends buying the book instead of printing it all
      out, for three reasons:

        1. it's probably cheaper than using your own toner and paper.

        2. some money goes back to help further development, both to
           Arnold Robbins (only if you buy from SSC) and the Free
           Software Foundation (if you buy from either SSC or the FSF).

        3. it helps convince publishers that we _like_ having full
           documentation available on-line (e.g., for searching), but
           will still pay for a compact, bound copy

      information, including an errata list, is on the web site.

      <http://www.ssc.com/ssc/eap/>

  English Book:

      second edition:

      _Sed & Awk_, by Dale Dougherty & Arnold Robbins, published
      by O'Reilly and Associates.

      _sed & awk_ describes two text manipulation programs that are
      mainstays of the UNIX programmer's toolbox. This new edition
      covers the sed and awk programs as they are now mandated by
      the POSIX standard and includes discussion of the GNU versions
      of these programs.

      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/sed2/noframes.html>
      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/covers/sedawk-t.gif>

      ISBN 1-56592-225-5

      An errata for the second edition of Sed & Awk is at

      <http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~dzubera/sedawk2.txt>

      historical notes on the first edition:

      _Sed & Awk_, by Dale Dougherty, published by O'Reilly and
      Associates.  A nice introduction to sed and awk, showing how
      they relate to each other. However, the first edition is `full
      of typos and out-and-out mistakes'.

      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/sed/noframes.html>

      ISBN 0-937175-59-5

      a `by no means complete' errata list is available.
      the author mentions `later printings of the book have
      many of the errors fixed.'

      <http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~dzubera/sedawk.txt>

  Deutsch Book:

      Awk und Sed, by Helmut Herold.

      <http://www.addison-wesley.de/KD/BS/685.html>

      awk und sed / Helmut Herold. - 2., ueberarb. und erw. Auflage -
      Bonn; Paris; Reading, Mass. [u.a.]: Addison-Wesley, 1994
      (UNIX und seine Werkzeuge)

      ISBN 3-89319-685-4

      VVA-Nr. 563-00685-8

  Web Site:

      <http://www.cs.hmc.edu/FAQ/qref/awk.html>

      Getting started with Awk

  Web Site:

      <http://www.uga.edu/~ucns/sss/unix/awk.html>

      Awk introduction

  Web Site:

      <http://www.mbnet.mb.ca/~natewild/awk/awk.html>

      Information about Tawk; Awk sample source code

  Web Site:

      <http://www.ssc.com/lj/issue25/1156.html>

      Introduction to Gawk

  Awk Introduction

      <http://www.ntua.gr/unix/>
      <ftp://www.brooks.af.mil/pub/unix/white_papers/awk.ps>

      Awk introduction (PostScript and text) by awk authors
      (somewhat old, doesn't cover the many recent extensions,
      but still a valid introduction to the language)


========================================================================

11. What are some other awk resources?

  Unix and awk courseware:

      <http://www.cit.ac.nz/smac/os202/default.htm>

  Awk course

      <http://www.ee.ic.ac.uk/course/advanced/awk/awk.html>

  Developer information on awk

      <http://www.devinfo.com/languages/awk/>

  Spatial Analysis with Awk (course)

      <http://www.udel.edu/johnmack/frec682/682awk.html>

  Debugger and Assertion Checker for Awk

      <http://www.irisa.fr/EXTERNE/manifestations/AADEBUG95/Abstracts/auguston2.html>

  Free Compilers and Interpreters List

      <http://www.idiom.com/free-compilers/LANG/awk-1.html>

  Voicenet.com awk page

      <http://www.voicenet.com/tech/comp/prog/awk/>

  Four awk implementations for MS-DOS:  How do they compare?

      <http://www.voicenet.com/tech/comp/prog/awk/awk2.rev>

  Gawk 3 manual

      <http://www.tec.ualberta.ca/Documentation/Info/by-chapter/gawk-3.0.3/>
      <ftp://ftp.tec.ualberta.ca/pub/Documentation/Info/by-chapter/gawk-3.0.3-html.tar.gz>

  Unix Vault

      <http://www.nda.com/~jblaine/vault/>

  Yahoo's awk links

      <http://www.yahoo.com/Computers_and_Internet/Programming_Languages/Awk/>

  New Mexico Tech awk information

      <http://www.nmt.edu/tcc/help/lang/awk.html>
      <http://www.nmt.edu/bin/man?awk>
      <http://www.nmt.edu/bin/man?gawk>

  A Supplemental Document For AWK
  - or -
  Things Al, Pete, And Brian Didn't Mention Much

      <http://oak.oakland.edu/pub/unix-c/info/awk-supplement.txt>

      [
        interesting historically -- I always wondered exactly why
        I mistrusted setting $n to a value and then using $0 -- and
        this document explains why.  (it works now, of course.)
      ]

  A* - an awk extension (paper by D.A.Ladd and J.C.Ramming)

      <http://sunsite.ust.hk/dblp/db/journals/tse/tse21.html>
      <http://www.usenix.org/~jcr/>

      [ does anyone know what issue of _Unix Review_ mentioned it? ]

  ftwalk - not strictly a version of awk

      `it is very much an awk-like language'
      <http://www.contex.com/ftwalk/>

  English Book

      Language and Computers
      ISBN 0-7486-0785-4
      New Scientist #2071, 1997/Mar/01, p45 review titled `Dream in awk'
      <http://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/staff/andrew/etel.htm>
      <http://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/staff/andrew/pubs.htm>
      <http://www.ed.ac.uk/~eup/subject.html>
      <http://www.ed.ac.uk/~eup/highlights.html#barnbrook>

      [ more information on this is desired! ]


========================================================================

12. How do I report a bug in gawk?

This is described in great detail in the gawk documentation. In brief,

   1. Make sure what you've discovered is really a bug by checking
      the documentation and, if possible, comparing with nawk and mawk.

   2. Cut down the program and data to as small as possible a test
      case that will illustrate the bug.

   3. Send mail to <mailto:bug-gnu-utils@prep.ai.mit.edu>, with a carbon
      copy to <mailto:arnold@gnu.ai.mit.edu>.

   4. Do not just post in comp.lang.awk; Arnold's readership there is
      sporadic.


========================================================================

13. What's wrong with gawk on Digital's OSF/1?

The version of gawk shipped with OSF/1 is very old, based on gawk
2.14. Get the current version from a GNU mirror near you, and if
you still have a problem, report it as per the directions in the
gawk documentation.


========================================================================

14. How can I access shell or environment variables in an awk script?

14.0 shells

the examples using quoting are intended for use with any standard
(sh-compatible-quoting) Unix shell.

non-sh-compatible shells will require different quoting.  if you're
not even using Unix (or a ported Unix shell), just ignore the whole
section on quoting.

14.1 Environment variables in general

Answer 1:  on Unix, use "alternate quoting", e.g.

        awk -F: '$1 ~ /'"$USER"'/ {print $5}' /etc/passwd
                ^^^^^^^^*******^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

        any standard Unix shell will send the underlined part as one
        long argument (with embedded spaces) to awk, for instance:

        $1 ~ /bwk/ {print $5}

        Note that there may not be any spaces between the quoted
        parts.  Otherwise, you wouldn't end up a single, long script
        argument, because Unix shells break arguments on spaces
        (unless they are \d or in '' or "", as the example shows).

Answer 2:  RTFM to see if and how your awk supports variable definitions
           on the command line, e.g.,

        awk -F: -v name=$USER '$1 ~ name {print $5}' /etc/passwd

Answer 3:  RTFM if your awk can access enviroment vars.  Then perhaps

        awk -F: '$1 ~ ENVIRON["USER"] {print $5}' /etc/passwd

        Always remember for your /bin/sh scripts that it's easy to put
        things into the environment for a single command run:

        name=felix age=56 awk '... ENVIRON["name"] .....'

        this also works with ksh and some other shells.

The first approach is extremely portable, but doesn't work with
awk "-f" script files.  In that case, it's better to use a shell
script and stretch a long awk command argument in '...' across
multiple lines if need be.

Also note: /bin/csh requires a \ before an embedded newline, /bin/sh not.


14.2 Unix Shell Quoting

Quoting can be such a headache for the novice, in shell programming,
and especially in awk.

    (see below for a verbose explanation of the first one, with 7 quotes)

    awk 'BEGIN { q="'"'"'";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    nawk -v q="'" 'BEGIN { print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    awk 'BEGIN { q=sprintf("%c",39); print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    awk 'BEGIN { q=sprintf("%c",39); print "Never say \"can"q"t.\""; exit }'
    [Others?]

and

    cat <<@@ > foo.awk
    { print "Never say can't." }
    @@
    awk -f foo.awk; rm foo.awk

But not:

    awk '{ q="\'"; print "Never say \"can"q"t.\""; exit }'


explanation of the 7-quote example:

note that it is quoted three different ways:

    awk 'BEGIN { q="'
                     "'"
                        '";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'

and that argument comes out as the single string (with embedded spaces)

    BEGIN { q="'";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }

which is the same as

    BEGIN { q="'"; print "Never say can" q "t."; exit }
                          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ^  ^^
                          |           |  |  ||
                          |           |  |  ||
                          vvvvvvvvvvvvv  |  ||
                          Never say can  v  ||
                                         '  vv
                                            t.

which gets you

                          Never say can't.


14.3 ENVIRON[] and "env"|getline

   Modern versions of new awk (gawk, mawk, Bell Labs awk, any POSIX
   awk) all provide an array named ENVIRON.  The array is indexed by
   environment variable name, the value is that variables value.
   For instance, ENVIRON["HOME"] might be "/home/chris".  To print
   out all the names and values, use a simple loop:

        for (i in ENVIRON)
                printf("ENVIRON['%s'] = '%s'\n", i, ENVIRON[i])


   What if my awk doesn't have ENVIRON[]?

   Short answer, get a better awk. There are many freely available
   versions.

   Longer answer, on Unix you can use a pipe from the `env' or
   `printenv' commands, but this is less pretty, and may be a
   problem if the values contain newlines:

        # untested!
        while (("env" | getline line) > 0) {
                n = split(line, v, "=")
                # v[1] is variable name
                # v[2] is variable value
                if (n > 2)
                        # value contained "=", handle it ...
        }

14.4 exporting environment variables back to the parent process

   How can I put values into the environment of the program that
   called my awk program?

   Short answer, you can't.  Unix ain't Plan 9, and you can't tweak
   the parent's address space.

   DOS isn't even Unix, so it lets any program overwrite any memory
   location, including the parent's environment space.  But the
   details are (obviously) going to be fairly icky.  Avoid.

   Longer answer, write the results in a form the shell can parse
   to a temporary file, and have the shell "source" the file after
   running the awk program.

        awk 'BEGIN { printf("NEWVAR='%s'\n", somevalue) }' > /tmp/awk.$$
        . /tmp/awk.$$        # sh/ksh/bash/pdksh/zsh etc
        rm /tmp/awk.$$

   Csh syntax and more robust use of quotation marks are left as
   exercises for the reader.


========================================================================

15. Is there an easy way to determine if you have oawk or nawk?

The following in a BEGIN rule will do the trick.

        if (ARGC == 0)
                # old awk
        else
                # new awk


========================================================================

16. How does awk deal with multiple files?

  16.0 Version warning

    some of these techniques will require non-ancient versions of awk.

  16.1 How can awk test for the existence of a file?

The best way is to simply try and read from the file.

        function exists(file,        dummy, ret)
        {
                if ((getline dummy < file) > 0)
                        # file exists and can be read
                        ret = 1
                else
                        ret = 0
                close(file)
                return ret
        }

[ I've read reports that earlier versions of mawk would write to stderr
as well as getline returning <0 -- is this still true? ]

  16.2 How can I get awk to read multiple files?

    it's automatic -- use something like:

    awk '/^#include/ {print $2}' *.c *.h

  16.3 How can I tell from which file my input is coming?

    Use built-in variable FILENAME.

    awk '/^#include/ {print FILENAME,$2}' *.c *.h

  16.4 How can I get awk to open multiple files (selected at runtime)?

    use `getline', `close', and `print EXPR > FILENAME', like:

    function double(infilename,outfilename,    aline)
    {
      while ( (getline aline < infilename) >0 )
        print(aline aline) > outfilename;
      close(infilename);
      close(outilename);
    }

  16.5 How can I treat the first file specially?

    Use FILENAME, thusly:

    BEGIN { rulesfile="" }
    rulesfile == "" { rulesfile = FILENAME; }
    FILENAME == rulesfile { build_rule($0); }
    FILENAME != rulesfile { apply_rule($0); }

    Example:  

    Suppose you have a text-line "database" and you want to make some
    batch changes to it, by replacing some old lines with new lines.
 
    BEGIN { rulesfile="" }
    rulesfile == "" { rulesfile = FILENAME; }
    rulesfile == FILENAME { replace[$1] = $0; }
    rulesfile != FILENAME \
    { 
            if ($1 in replace) 
                    print replace[$1];
            else
                    print;
    }

  16.6 How can I explicitly pass in a filename to treat specially?

    use `-v rulesfile=filename' like you would any other variable,
    and then use a `getline' loop (and `close') in your BEGIN
    statement.

    BEGIN \
    {
      if (rulesfile=="")
      {
        print "must use -v rulesfile=filename";
        exit(1);
      }
      while ( (getline < rulesfile) >0 )
        replace[$1]=$0;
      close(rulesfile);
    }

    {
      if ($1 in replace)
        print replace[$1];
      else
        print;
    }


========================================================================

17. How many elements were created by split()?

   when I do a split on a field, e.g.,
 
        split($1,x,"string")
 
   how can i find out how many elements x has (i mean other than
   testing for null string or doing a for (n in x) test)?

use the return value of split()

        n = split($1, x, "string")


========================================================================

18. How can I split a string into characters?

in portable POSIX awk, the only way to do this is to use substr to pull
out each character, one by one.  this is painful.  however, gawk, mawk,
and the newest version of the Bell Labs awk all allow you to set
FS = "" and use "" as the third argument of split.

so, split("chars",anarray,"") results in the array anarray containing
5 elements -- "c", "h", "a", "r", "s".

if you don't have any ^As in your string, you could try:

{
        string=$0;
        gsub(".", "&\001", string)
        n=split(string, anarray, "\001")
        for (i=1;i<=n;i++) print i "=>" anarray[i];
}


========================================================================

19. How do I use tolower() in the SunOS nawk?

I want to use the tolower() function with SunOS nawk, but all I get is

        nawk: calling undefined function tolower

The SunOS nawk is from a time before awk acquired the tolower() and
toupper() functions. Either use one of the freely available awks, or
write your own function to do it using index, substr, and gsub.

An example of such a function is in O'Reilly's _Sed & Awk_.


========================================================================

20. How do I have dynamic-width printf strings, like C?

with modern awks, just do it like you would in C:

        maxlen=0

        for (i in arr)
          if (maxlen<length(arr[i]))
            maxlen=length(arr[i])

        for (i in arr)
          printf("%-*s %s\n",maxlen,arr[i],i)

with old awks, just do it like you would do if you didn't know about %*:

        maxlen=0

        for (i in arr)
          if (maxlen<length(arr[i]))
            maxlen=length(arr[i])

        printfstring="%-" maxlen "s %s\n";
        for (i in arr)
          printf(printfstring,arr[i],i)


========================================================================

21. Why doesn't "\\$" behave like /\\$/ ?

because the first is a string, so some of the escape characters get
eaten up (like \" to escape a double-quote within the string).

/\\$/ => regular expression: literal backslash at end-of-expression

"\\$" => string: \$ => regular expression: literal dollar sign

to get behavior like the first case in a string, use "\\\\$" .


========================================================================

22. What is gawk's exit code?

normally, the `exit' command exits with a value of zero.

you can supply an optional numeric value to the `exit' command to
make it exit with a value:

    if (whatever)
        exit 12

if you have an END block, control first transfers there.  within
the END block, an `exit' command exits immediately; if you had
previously supplied a value, that value is used.  but, if you
give a new value to `exit' within the END block, the new value is
used.  this is documented in the GNU Awk User's Guide (gawk.texi).

if you have an END block, you may have to do something like this:

BEGIN {
  ...
  exitcode=0;
  ...
}

{
  ...
  if (fatal)
  {
    exitcode=12;
    exit(exitcode);
  }
  ...
}

END {
  if (exitcode)
    exit(exitcode);
  ...
}


========================================================================

23. How can I get awk to be case-insensitive?

  23.1. use tolower()
    - portable
    - must be explicitly used for each comparison

    instead of:
      if (avar=="a" || avar=="A") { ... }
    use:
      if (tolower(avar)=="a") { ... }

  23.2. use IGNORECASE=1;
    - probably gawk only
    - used for all comparisons


========================================================================

24. How can I force a numeric/non-numeric comparison?

to compare two variables as numbers ONLY, use

  if (var1+0 == var2+0)

to compare two variables as non-numeric strings ONLY, use

  if ("" var1 == "" var2)


========================================================================

25. Why does { FS=":"; print $1 } not split the first record?

basically, you should set FS before it's needed to split $0 into fields.
once awk encounters a `{', it may already be too late.

some awk implementations set the fields at the beginning of the
block, and don't re-parse just because you changed FS.  to get
the desired behavior, you must set FS _before_ reading in a line.

e.g.,
  BEGIN { FS=":" }
  { print $1 }

e.g.,
  awk -F: '{ print $1 }'

if you run code like this

{ FS=":"; print $1 }

on this data:

first:second:third but not last:fourth
First:Second:Third But Not Last:Fourth
FIRST:SECOND:THIRD BUT NOT LAST:FOURTH

you may get either
  this:       or this:
  ----        -------
  first       first:second:third
  First       First
  FIRST       FIRST

========================================================================

26. Did ^ and $ and . change in gawk?

yes.  early versions cared about \n (newlines) and treated them
specially.  version 3.* and later are more POSIX-compliant here.


========================================================================

27. Why doesn't awk 'begin {...}' work?

it needs to be `BEGIN' (i.e., it's case-sensitive).


========================================================================

98. Miscellaneous


========================================================================

99. Credits

I expect most of the information in this FAQ to be supplied by people
other than myself -- it's just going to work better that way.  The
newsgroup readers have a LOT more awk experience than I ever will
(unless I multiply myself by a few thousand, which is not legal with
today's tax laws).


These people have contributed to the well-being of the FAQ:

  arnold [at] gnu.ai.mit.edu (Arnold D. Robbins)
  100335.120 [at] CompuServe.COM (James G. Walker)
  jland [at] worldnet.att.net (Jim Land)
  yuli.barcohen [at] telrad.co.il (Yuli Barcohen)
  johnd [at] mozart.inet.co.th (John DeHaven)
  amnonc [at] mercury.co.il (Amnon Cohen)
  saguyami [at] post.tau.ac.il (Shay)
  hankedr [at] mail.auburn.edu (Darrel Hankerson)
  mark [at] ispc001.demon.co.uk (Mark Katz)
  brennan [at] whidbey.com (Michael D. Brennan)
  neitzel [at] gaertner.de (Martin Neitzel)
  pjf [at] osiris.cs.uoguelph.ca (Peter Jaspers-Fayer)
  dmckeon [at] swcp.com (Denis McKeon)
  neil_mahoney [at] il.us.swissbank.com (Neil Mahoney)
  dzubera [at] CS.ColoState.EDU (Zube)
  allen [at] gateway.grumman.com (John L. Allen)
  jerabek [at] rm6208.gud.siemens.co.at (Martin Jerabek)
  tom [at] contex.com (Tom Hull)
  bmarcum [at] iglou.com (Bill Marcum)
  thobe [at] lafn.org (Glenn Thobe) 
  boffi [at] rachele.stru.polimi.it (giacomo boffi)
  hastinga [at] tarim.dialogic.com (Austin Hastings)

Thanks.

========================================================================

thus endeth the awk FAQ.


(taken from Pyro Joe's Hot Flashes, pp 137-151)

Now, kids, it's tahm ta talk about dee-layed gratification.

....

Here's one that'll tickle ya pink! (Also black & blue if ya
stand around it too long. Take a hint from ol' Joe.)

How menny	Whut is it			Where d'ya git it
___________________________________________________________________________
    1      1 inch cube of 90% Palladium		any good hardware store
		with 10% Titanium		should have it

    1	   4 inch length of gold wahr		steal from yore sister's
						earrin's

   5 gallons    heavy water, with 10%		steal frum Navy base
		DTO (th' "Jolt" version,	or borry frum naybors.
		heh heh.)

    1 cup  Lithium Lye, with Deuterium,		war surplus store
	   USGummint #3039924057394XD

    1	   1 to 3 volt, 30 amp pahr splah	hell, bild it, use
						pappy's arc welder,
						or whutever.

    1      special currint reggalater		bild it.
	   (figger 3, end of chapter)

    1	   Kickass(tm) 8 week high-reliability	ain'tchoo gotta hardware
		timer or equiv'lint		bin? Call up Bud's
						Scientific Splah.
						Don't let on whut it's for.

    1	   big moonshahn crock, with lid.	c'mon, ya gotta know
						where ta git basics!

   th' usual wahr an' stuff, as requahred.


How d'ya do it, Joe?
_____________________

Wal, ya find a ol' shack on a hill somewheres that still got pahr
goin' to it.  (Elsewise, ya gots ta use a whole lotta ol' truck
batt'ries, which is tuff ta hump around.) Put th' crock in th' shack,
and pour th' Jolt water inta it.  Stir in th' Lithium Lye, slow an'
careful. Don't splash none, an' don't add th' stuff too quick, now.
Cover it real taht, so's ya don't lose too much. Y'all don't wanna
hafta sneak inta th' navybase again, do ya? Them guys got guns & stuff
and they ain't afraid ta use it.

So, ennyway, see, ya bild the pahr splah, an' ya bild th' currint
reggalater in figger 3 at th' end of th' chapter, the one with the
special shunt cirkit fer changin' the currint. Thet's whar th'
Kickass tahmer goes. Test it ta be sure that th' current starts at
about 30 amps and goes down ta 10 or 15 when th' tahmer goes off.

Bild th' other stuff lahk in figger 2. Cart th' whole mess down ta th'
shack, and put th' bizniz end inta the Jolt water. Don't leave th' lid
off too long, now. Cover it up good, an' duck tape it, specially th'
place wher the wahrs come out. Ah got me some motorcycle ground strap,
which is read'ly avail'ble an' flat, so it don't queer up the fit o'
the lid. Bolt the straps down real secure, an' put vaseline on th'
bolts.

Now, set th' Kickass tahmer fer 8 weeks, plug th' pahr splah in,
make sure ya got 30 amps, an' take a hike.

'Member, neutrons ain't yer frens. Keep ol' Blue away from th' shack
unless ya want two-headed puppies runnin' around eatin' too much,
probly worrit yore mom no end, an' if ya gotta go in ther ta check,
don't stay long. Ya want ol' Joe's advice, after around 7 weeks, don't
go in ther atall.

This hear makes a real 'hot flash', an' in fact, it's whut this book
is named fer. Y'all kin see th' flash from a couple mahls away, raht
through th' av'ridge wall, so don't go bildin' it in yer basemit. Got
thet?  No need ta keep it too close ta home, raht? Ya kin get caught
with it if it's too close. Besides, ya don't want yer sister fahndin'
out wher her earrin's got off ta. She probly woont lahk it, an' she'll
make ya cut her in on the deal. 'Course, thet maht not be too bad, if
she's good with a soldrin' ahrn. Probly bilds good pahr splahs, an
that's importunt ta this 'hot flash'.

Ah got trouble, Joe. Now whut?

______________________________


Whut happen		Whut ta do
___________________________________________________________________________
ya hair falls out	Dummy! I tol' ya not ta stan' aroun' up
in hanks		close-lahk! Thow away yer clothin', an'
			take lots o' shahrs. Eat some vitamin E,
			an' call th' doc ef'n it don't stop in
			a spell.

red skin & funny spots	same thing.

juice won't drop to	shunt circuit screwed up, or ya bought a cheap
10-15 amps		tahmer. Don't bah you no cheap tahmers!

no flash after 8	th' Authority mebbe cut yer pahr. Wait 2 more
weeks is gone bah	weeks an' then check fer pahr at the wall sockit.
			Ef thet don't work, check the pahr splah. Ah
			tol' ya yer sister probly bild it better then
			you, ya shoulda listened. Also check th'
			tahmer. 'Member whut ah sed about cheap ones!

Big wet spot		ya crock leak? If no leaks, check the roof. If
			the roof leaks, don't worrit yerself. If th'
			crock leaks, fix it quick.

'lectrode turns brown	probly yer Lithium Lye is contaminatid. Ya can
			give it up, or start over.

runs hot		only happins once in a whahl. Swipe Grampa's
			ol' still-tubin', an' make lahk a li'l still
			coil with it. Jes' run th' outlet back inta
			the crock. Duck tape the whole mess real good.
			If thet ain't enuf, use a truck radiater.
			Don't drink the stuff, neither! Taste lahk
			hell, take it from one that knows.


Youall have fun, now. Ef ya hit the sweet spot, th' hill will glow fer
munths. Thet means you done real good! Set up a "myst'ry spot" sahn,
an' charge th' city folks a dollar a look.






For all who have ever had any dealings with the banks..... This is an
actual letter sent to a Bank in the US. The Bank thought it amusing
enough to publish it in the New York Times.


Dear Bank Manager,

I am writing to thank you for bouncing the cheque with which I
endeavoured to pay my plumber last month. By my calculations some
three nanoseconds must have elapsed between his presenting the cheque,
and the arrival in my account of the funds needed to honour it. I
refer, of course, to the automatic monthly deposit of my entire 
salary, an arrangement which, I admit, has only been in place for eight
years.

You are to be commended for seizing that brief window of opportunity,
and also for debiting my account with $50 by way of penalty for the
inconvenience I caused your bank. My thankfulness springs from the
manner in which this incident has caused me to re-think my errant
financial ways.

You have set me on the path of fiscal righteousness. No more will our
relationship be blighted by these unpleasant incidents, for I am
restructuring my affairs in 2000, taking as my model the procedures,
attitudes and conduct of your very own bank. I can think of no greater
compliment, and I know you will be excited and proud to hear it. To
this end, please be advised about the following:

First, I have noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone
calls and letters, when I try to contact you I am confronted by the
impersonal, ever-changing, pre-recorded, faceless entity which your bank
has become. From now on I, like you, choose only to deal with a flesh and
blood person. My mortgage and loan repayments will, therefore and
hereafter, no longer be automatic, but will arrive at your bank, by
cheque, addressed personally and confidentially to an employee of your
branch, whom you must nominate.

You will be aware that it is an offence under the Postal Act for any
other person to open such an envelope. Please find attached an
Application Contact Status which I require your chosen employee to
complete. I am sorry it runs to eight pages, but in order that I know
as much about him or her as your bank knows about me, there is no
alternative. Please note that all copies of his or her medical history
must be countersigned by a Justice of the Peace, and that the mandatory
details of his/her financial situation (income, debts, assets and
liabilities) must be accompanied by documented proof.

In due course I will issue your employee with a PIN number which he/she
must quote in all dealings with me. I regret that it cannot be shorter
than 28 digits but, again, I have modelled it on the number of button
presses required to access my account balance on your phone bank
service. As they say, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.

Let me level the playing field even further by introducing you to my
new telephone system, which you will notice, is very much like yours.
My Authorised Contact at your bank, the only person with whom I will
have any dealings, may call me at any time and will be answered by an
automated voice. By pressing Buttons on the phone, he/she will be
guided through an extensive set of menus:

 1.   To make an appointment to see me.

 2.   To query a missing repayment.

 3.   To make a general complaint or inquiry.

 4.   To transfer the call to my living room in case I am there;
      Extension of living room to be communicated at the time the
      call is received.

 5.   To transfer the call to my bedroom in case I am sleeping;
      Extension of bedroom to be communicated at the time the call
      is received.

 6.   To transfer the call to my toilet in case I am attending to
      nature; Extension of toilet to be communicated at the time the
      call is received.

 7.   To transfer the call to my mobile phone in case I am not at home.

 8.   To leave a message on my computer. To leave a message a password
      to access my computer is required. Password will be communicated
      at a later date to the contact.

 9.   To return to the main menu and listen carefully to options 1
      through 9.
      
The contact will then be put on hold, pending the attention of my
automated answering service. While this may on occasion involve a
lengthy wait, uplifting music will play for the duration. This month
I've chosen a refrain from The Best Of Woody Guthrie:

                 ......."Oh, the banks are made of marble
                         With a guard at every door
                         And the vaults are filled with silver
                         That the miners sweated for"

After twenty minutes of that, our mutual contact will probably know it
off by heart.

On a more serious note, we come to the matter of cost. As your bank has
often pointed out, the ongoing drive for greater efficiency comes at a
cost - a cost which you have always been quick to pass on to me. Let me
repay your kindness by passing some costs back.

First, there is the matter of advertising material you send me. This I
will read for a fee of $20/page. Enquiries from your nominated contact
will be billed at $5 per minute of my time spent in response. Any debits
to my account, as, for example, in the matter of the penalty for the
dishonoured cheque, will be passed back to you. My new phone service runs
at 75 cents a minute (even Woody Guthrie doesn't come free), so you would
be well advised to keep your enquiries brief and to the point.

Regrettably, but again following your example, I must also levy an
establishment fee to cover the setting up of this new arrangement.

May I wish you a happy, if ever-so-slightly less prosperous New Year.

<name>

Your humble client.

From nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-3.sprintlink.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!EU.net!sun4nl!surfnet.nl!news.unisource.nl!xs4all!basement.replay.com!mail2news-gw Thu Apr 17 20:39:03 1997
Path: nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-3.sprintlink.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!EU.net!sun4nl!surfnet.nl!news.unisource.nl!xs4all!basement.replay.com!mail2news-gw
From: hornyone@juno.com
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Contest_by_OMNI_magazine.txt [1/1] - http://www.mother.com/~virtual/without_a_paddle/
Date: 17 Apr 1997 09:18:38 +0200
Organization: mail2news@replay.com
Lines: 44
Message-ID: <199704170718.AAA02581@ma.mother.com>
Reply-To: hornyone@juno.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: basement.replay.com
X-XS4ALL-Date: Thu, 17 Apr 1997 09:18:45 CEST
X-Mail2News-Info-Url: http://www.replay.com/mail2news/
X-Mail2News-Errors-To: postmaster@replay.com

CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR

          http://www.mother.com/~virtual/without_a_paddle/

My hobby can be your gain. I've been collecting humorous jokes and 
stories for what seems like ages now. I have placed them all here 
for you to use. Don't expect the ultimate archive from here but 
since it's almost all free what do you have to complain about 
anyway. Hey, I get a thousand visitors a day, it can't be that bad.

I use Adult Check to get into the pornographic section and it can 
in theory earn me some money. If it earns me enough to pay for the 
web space I'll be ecstatic.  In the meantime, enjoy this sample. 
I'll post more periodically. Once a week maybe? If that's too much 
or too little let me know. 

                        hornyone@juno.com

CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR
===================================================================
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Grand Prize Winner:

When a cat is dropped, it always lands on its feet, and when toast is dropped, it always lands with the buttered side facing down.  I propose to strap buttered toast to the back of a cat; the two will hover, spinning inches above the ground.  With a giant buttered cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.

Runners-up:

If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the worlds great literary works in Braille.

Why Yawning Is Contagious:  You yawn to equalize the pressure on your eardrums.  This pressure change outside your eardrums unbalances other people's ear pressures, so they must yawn to even it out.

Communist China is technologically underdeveloped because they have no alphabet and therefore cannot use acronyms to communicate ideas at a faster rate.

The earth may spin faster on its axis due to deforestation.   Just as a figure skater's rate of spin increases when the arms are brought in close to the body, the cutting of tall trees may cause our planet to spin dangerously fast.

Honorable Mentions:

Birds take off at sunrise.  On the opposite side of the world, they are landing at sunset.  This causes the earth to spin on its axis.

The reason hot-rod owners raise the backs of their cars is that it's easier to go faster when you're always going downhill.

The quantity of consonants in the English language is constant.  If omitted in one place, they turn up in another.  When a Bostonian "pahks" his "cah," the lost r's migrate southwest, causing a Texan to "warsh" his car and invest in "erl wells."



========
Path: Supernews!supernews.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!iol!not-for-mail
From: "BUTCH" <JIMM@IOL.IE>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Bed-Room Golf
Date: 13 Jun 1997 17:35:57 GMT
Organization: Ireland On-Line
Lines: 65
Message-ID: <01bc7827$5415be20$c32e7dc2@default>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dialup-003.carlow.iol.ie
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1155
Xref: Supernews alt.tasteless.jokes:163035



 The Rules of Bedroom Golf


   Each player shall furnish his own equipment for play -
   normally one club and two balls.
   
   Play on a course must be approved by the owner of the hole.
   
   Unlike outdoor gold, the object is to get the club in the hole
   and keep the balls out of the hole.
   
  For most effective play, the club should have a firm shaft.
   Course owners are permitted to check shaft stiffness before play
   begins.
   
  Course owners reserve the right to restrict club length to
   avoid damage to the hole.
   
   The object of the game is to take as many strokes as necessary
   until the course owner is satisfied that the play is complete.
   Failure to do so may result in being denied permission to play the
   course again.
   
   It is considered bad form to begin playing the hole
   immediately upon arrival at the course. The experienced player
   will normally take time to admire the entire course, with special
   attention to well formed bunkers.
   
   Players are cautioned not to mention other courses they have
   played or are currently playing, to the owner of the course being
   played. Upset course owners have been known to damage player's
   equipment for this reason.
   
   Players are encouraged to bring proper rain gear for their own
   protection.
   
   Players should assure themselves that their match has been
   properly scheduled, particularly when a new course is being played
   for the first time. Previous players have been known to become
   irate if they discover someone else playing on what they consider
   to be a private course.
   
   Players should not assume a course is in shape for play at all
   times. Some players may be embarrassed if they find the course to
   be temporarily under repair. Players are advised to be extremely
   tactful in this situation. More advanced players will find
   alternative means of play when this is the case.
   
   Players are advised to obtain the course owner's permission
   before attempting to play the back nine.
   
   Slow play is encouraged. However, players should be prepared
   to proceed at a quicker pace, at least temporarily, at the course
   owner's request.
   
   It is considered outstanding performance, time permitting, to
   play the same hole several times in one match.
   
   The course owner will be the judge of who is the best player.
   
  



From basejump@rice.eduWed May 14 19:09:01 1997
Date: 8 MAY 1997 19:45:46 GMT 
From: Christopher Lee Stokely <basejump@rice.edu>
Newsgroups: alt.beer
Subject: beer better than Jesus 

TOP TEN REASONS WHY BEER IS BETTER THAN JESUS

10. No one will kill you for not drinking beer.

9. Beer doesn't tell you how to have sex.

8. Beer has never caused a major war.

7. They don't force beer on minors who can't think for themselves.

6. When you have beer, you don't knock on people's doors trying to give
it away.

5. Nobody's ever been burned at the stake, hanged, or tortured to death
over his brand of beer.

4. You don't have to wait 2,000+ years for a second beer.

3. There are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you.

2. You can prove you have a beer.

1. If you have devoted your life to beer, there are groups to help you
stop.

-- 
Helen Robertson
cheetah@master.ceat.okstate.edu

...
"Beer is living proof that God loves us."
  -Ben Franklin



>>> >          Sung to "Do Re Mi" from The Sound of Music
>>> >
>>> >  DOUGH... the stuff, that buys me beer
>>> >
>>> >  RAY..... the guy that sells me beer
>>> >
>>> >  ME...... the one, who drinks the beer
>>> >
>>> >  FAR..... a long run to get beer
>>> >
>>> >  SO...... I'll have another beer
>>> >
>>> >  LA...... La la la la la  beer
>>> >
>>> >  TEA...... no thanks, I'm drinking beer
>>> >
>>> >  That will leave me with no DOUGH.....
>>> >
>>> >
>>> >                     M.Beam


 
         This is an Eleven Step Guide to Being Handy Around The House
         ------------------------------------------------------------
 
  1.  If you can't find a screwdriver, use a knife.  If you break
      off the tip, it's an improved screwdriver.
 
  2.  Try to work alone, an audience is rarely any help.
 
  3.  Despite what you may have been told by your mother, praying and
      cursing are both helpful in home repair...but only if you are
      working alone.
 
  4.  Work in the kitchen whenever you can...many fine tools are there.
      Its warm and dry, and you are close to the refrigerator.
 
  5.  If it's electronic, get a new one, or consult a twelve-year-old.
 
  6.  Stay simple minded, Plug it in, Get a new battery, Replace the
      bulb or fuse, See if the tank is empty, Try turning it to the
      "on" switch, or Just paint over it.
 
  7.  Always take credit for miracles.  If you dropped the alarm clock
      while taking it apart, and it suddenly starts working, you have
      healed it.
 
  8.  Regardless what people say, kicking, pounding, throwing, and
      shaking sometimes DOES help.
 
  9.  If something looks level, it is level.
 
 10.  If at first you don't succeed, redefine sccess.
 
 11.  Above all, if what you've done is stupid, but it works, it aint stupid!
 



From bect@mailbox.uq.edu.au Sun Sep 21 14:06:34 1997
Date: 20 Sep 1997 10:55:31 GMT
From: bcc <bect@mailbox.uq.edu.au>
Newsgroups: alt.beer
Subject: Beer Facts

Posted without permission of RALPH magazine.

?	Beer is apparently cheaper now than it ever was, relative to income.  In
1925, a gentleman could spend his weeks pay and get 77 tallies (750 mL
bottles).  The same gentleman in 1957 could spend his weeks wage on 89
bottles.  1969's average wage netted 93 bottles of beer, and in 1997, the
average wage can buy 119 bottles of beer, or 90 litres a week.

?	In 1876, Melbourne had 1049 pubs for a population of under 800,000
people, which works out at one pub for every 725 men, women, and children. 
In the same year, Ballarat in Victoria had one pub for every 180 people.

?	The strongest beer in the world is Baz's Super Brew, brewed by Barrie
Parish and sold only at the Parish Brewery in Somerby UK.  It is 23 per
cent ABV.

?	The oldest brewery in the world is Weihenstephen Brewery in Freising,
near Munich Germany.  It was founded in 1040AD.

?	The Czechs are the worlds greatest beer drinkers, downing approximately
160 litres per head (1994).  The most sozzled city in the world is Darwin,
NT, Australia, where punters drink 230 litres per person per year.

?	The largest collection of beer coasters in the world is owned by Leo
Pisker of Austria, and numbers 70,000.       

?	The longest bar in the world used to be the bar at the Mildura Workers
Club, but sadly no longer exists.  Now the longest bar is the bar in the
Beer Barrel Saloon, in Ohio USA.  It measures in at 123 metres long, and
has 55 beer taps.

?	The world record for sculling a gallon (4.5 litres) of beer is 3 minutes,
35 seconds, by David Arsenault of Canada.  This also includes a 1 minute
penalty for spilling.

?	The ring pull can was invented in 1962.  Before that, every keyring
included a "church key", used for puncturing  the can.

?	If your beer is "piss weak", you could try "lienting" it.  This 17th
century English practice means "to put urine into it to make it strong".

?	1,742,000,000 litres of beer was produced in Australia in 1995.  This
number had fallen by 60 million litres since 1992.
-- 
Mr Floppy

"Beer makes you feel as you ought to feel without beer."
Henry Lawson



========
Newsgroups: talk.bizarre
Subject: Re: more advertising ideas
From: MATTHEW_SKALA@ansuz.sooke.bc.ca
Date: Sat, 17 May 97 11:36:26 PDT

KLUDGE@NETCOM.COM writes:
> I consider it amazing that nobody has yet considered a beer utility, with
> beer piped directly from the factory to the home.  Light and dark running

Security is the eternal problem of utilities.  Few people steal water
from the distribution pipes because it's so cheap that it's not worth
the effort involved.  Few people steal electricity because it's pretty
cheap too and requires special skills to handle safely.  Few people
steal sewage for obvious reasons.  Lots of people steal cable
television, because it's priced way above the cost of delivery, thus the
escalation of the scrambling and piracy wars.

Now, beer is something worth stealing.  Furthermore, your best customers
are likely to be buildings full of engineering students.  Just try
building a student-proof beer meter!  If they can't bypass the measuring
system, they'll break the microcontroller and make it report whatever
numbers they want.

Consider the social effects of a beer utility.  Of course, someone would
pass a law requiring a cardswipe device at every tap, to protect
innocent children, at which point the ACLU would sue, taking valuable
dollars away from their net freedom campaign.  Since it costs a fair bit
to do a credit card verification, the price per use would quickly
approach what you'd pay elsewhere.  It'd be taxed to death, too.  Maybe
they'd even put a regulator in the meter to prevent it dispensing more
than N pints per day, thereby defeating the original purpose of
preventing drunk drivers when partygoers go out for fresh supplies.

People would publish studies pointing out correlations between violent
crime and the availability of the beer utility, neglecting to point out
that crime happens in cities and cities are the only place where it's
cost-effective to set up.  Do-gooding teatotallers would make trouble by
refusing to allow you to run the pipes under their property, and
campaigning for public land to be the same way.

Unless you kept the pipes really thin and the flow rate up, requiring
strong pipes and high pressures, you'd have a lot of beer sitting in the
pipes at any given moment, going stale all the time.  You might just as
well re-route the output of the urinals to the taps and create a
self-contained beer loop.

Now, a nanobrewery in your fridge... there's an idea!

-- 
Matthew_Skala@ansuz.sooke.bc.ca, hacking Delphi for MPR in Burnaby

 * RM 1.3 00829 * "your melon is all waxed then you got to ice her jits" -jjp


From keith@kaplan.demon.co.uk Thu Oct 30 20:21:53 1997
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 1997 10:15:21 -0000
From: Keith Russell <keith@kaplan.demon.co.uk>
Newsgroups: rec.humor, alt.humor, alt.tasteless.jokes, alt.humor.puns,
    aus.jokes
Subject: Re: A prayer

Hmmm...listening to Chris Evans on Virgin this morning were you??


Elisabeth Owen wrote in message <34562E24.66D3@mfs01.cc.monash.edu.au>...
>Our lager,
>Which art in barrels,
>Hallowed be thy drink.
>Thy will be drunk, (I will be drunk),
>At home as it is in the pub.
>Give us this day our foamy head,
>And forgive us our spillages,
>As we forgive those who spill against us.
>And lead us not to incarceration,
>But deliver us from hangovers.
>For thine is the beer, The bitter, The lager.
>Barmen.


                        125 Blonde Jokes

A blonde gets pulled over by a cop, and the cop says "May I see
your license please?"
She says "Whats that ?"
He says "The little card with you picture that allows you to drive?"
She says "Oh, I have one of those ... here you go"
The cop takes the license, goes back to his car and checks her out
for any warrants.  After checking he walks back up to her car
window, unzips his pants, and pulls out his cock.
The blonde looks up and says ...
"Oh no, not another breathalizer test !!!"

Two blondes were walking along and came upon some tracks.  One blonde
said, "Those look like deer tracks", and the other said, "No, they look
more like moose tracks".  They were still arguing when the train hit
them.

What's the worst blonde joke of all time?  Dan Quayle.

We have a Blonde where I work, who is so dumb she thinks Manual
Labor is a Mexican.

Did you hear about the blond who had a hysterectomy so she'd stop
having grandchildren?

Did you hear about the blond who was two hours late getting home
because the escalator got stuck?

Did you hear about the blond who stayed up all night studying for
her urine test?

Did you hear about the blond prostitute who didn't vote?
She didn't care who got in.

Did you hear about the blonde who thought a sanitary belt was a
drink from a clean glass?

Did you hear about the blonde who only smelled good on the right
side?  She didn't know where to buy left guard.

Did you hear about the blonde housewife who was mad at her husband
because he was out shooting craps and she didn't know how to cook
them.

Did you hear about the blonde who lost her mind?  She worked in a
whorehouse for 6 years and then found out the other girls got paid!

Did you hear about the pregnant blonde who went to the grocery
store because she heard they had free delivery.

Q: Why do Blondes wear padded shoulders?
A: So they don't get a concussion while bobbing their from head side to
   side as they are saying "I don't know?" whenever you ask them a
   question.

Q: Why should you keep a blonde on the job 7 days a week?
A: So you don't have to retrain them every Monday.

Q: What do you call a blonde with 1/2 a brain?
A: Gifted.

Q: What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?
A: I hope it's mine!!!!

Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using your lawn mower?
A: The green "Welcome" mat is ripped all to shreds.

Q: What did the blondes mom say before she left for a date?
A: If your not in bed by 10, come home!!!!

Q: Why did the blonde climb the glass wall?
A: To see what's on the other side.

Q: What do you call 2 blondes in a freezer?
A: Frosted flakes.

Q: How do blondes commit suicide?
A: They put spikes on their shoulder pads.

Q: Why are blondes like turtles?
A: When on their back, their screwed.

Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
A: Both are empty from the neck up.

Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: Give her a pack of M&M's and tell her to put them in
   alphabetical order.

Q: What do you call 22 blondes standing in a row?
A: Wind tunnel.

Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it.

Q: What's similar about UFO's and a smart blonde?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see one...

Q: If a blonde and a brunette fell out of an airplane, who would
   land first?
A: The brunette. The blonde would have to stop and ask for
   directions.

Q: Why don't blondes like pickles?
A: They keep getting their head stuck in the jar...

Q: What is a blondes' mating call?
A: Oh, I'm soooooo drunk!

Q: What is a brunettes mating call?
A: Have all the blonde's gone home?

Q: What do you call a brunette between 2 blondes?
A: An Interpreter.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What do you call a blonde who has dyed her hair black?
A: Artificial intelligence.

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies?
A: 100 - 1 to stir and 99 to peel the M&Ms.

Q: How can you tell when a blonde has used your computer?
A: Whiteout all over the screen.

Q: How can you tell if she has been back to the computer?
A: Writing on the whiteout.

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their shoes?
A: Toes Go In First

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their bras?
A: Tits Go In First

Q: Why do blondes like the GST?
A: It's the only thing they can spell.

Q: Why do blondes wear panties?
A: To keep their ankles warm.

Q: How do you change a blondes mind?
A: Blow in her ear.

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an airplane?
A: The Black Box ALWAYS tells the truth.

Q: How does a blonde turn on the light in the morning?
A: Opens the car door.

Q: How is a blonde unlike the Titanic?
A: You know how many men went down on the Titanic.
Q: Why did 18 blondes go to the R-rated movie?
A: Because they heard that under 17 was not admitted.

Q: Why did the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: She kept throwing out the W's!

Q: What do four blondes have in common?
A: Nothing they can think of.

Q: What does a blond say after making love?
A: "Thanks guys..."

Q: What is the best protection against rape?
A: dye your hair blond - no one "rapes" a blond!

Q: What do most blonds have against condoms?
A: Their cheeks!

Q: How can you tell a real blond from a fake?
A: Fuck her!

Q: What's the difference between an intelligent blonde and a U.F.O.?
A: There have been U.F.O. sightings.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a mirror at the bottom of the pool....

Q: What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet???
A: The winner of a Hide and Seek game.....

Q: What do you call a circle of blondes?
A: A dope ring.......

Q: What goes "VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM  SCREECH!"
A: A blonde at a flashing red light!

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.

Q: If you have 3 blondes sitting on a couch, how do you know which one
   is the cock sucker?
A: The one spitting feathers!

Q: What happened to the Blonde terrorist who tried to blow up a bus?
A: She burned her lips on the exhaust pipe.

Q: How does a blond hemophiliac cure herself?
A: With acupuncture!

Q: Why does a blond eat beans on Saturday?
A: So she can take a bubble bath on Sunday.

Q: How can you tell when you're in bed with an Blonde man???
A: It's not hard.
Q: What do you call a virgin blonde?
A: An ugly 3rd grader.

Q: What do you have when there are three blondes in a corner?
A: An Air Pocket

Q: What do you call a blond driving a car?
A: An Air Bag

Q. How does a blond screw in a light bulb?
A: With lubricant...
   (but how does she get into the lightbulb?)

Q: What does a blond put behind her ears to attract men?
A: Her ankles!

Q: Did you hear about the blonde girl who thought her typewriter
   was pregnant?
A: Seems it was skipping periods.

Q: What did the blonde say when the job interviewer asked "Please spell
   your name?"
A: "Y-O-U-R  N-A-M-E."

Q. Why Do You Take A Blonde Shopping With You?
A. To Be Able To Park In The HandiCapped Zone.

Q. How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb
A. 100  -- 1 to screw it in and 99 to say I can do that.

Q: What do a Bleached Blonde and a 747 have in common?
A: They both have little Black Boxes

Q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: Not everyone's been in a 747!

Q: What's the other difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: A 747 only goes down occasionally where a Blonde...well...

Q: Why Don't They Give Blondes Coffee-Breaks?
A: It's Such a Pain In The Ass Having To Retrain Them All The Time.

Q: What did the blonde say when she opened the box of cheerios?
A: Oh look, daddy...doughnut seeds

Q: How do you drown a Blonde??
A: Put a mirror in the bathtub...

Q: How do you know when a blonde is having her period?
A: When she can't find her pencil and her tampon's behind her ear.

Q: How come the blonde had a square chest?
A: She forgot to take the Kleenex out of the box.

Q: How do you get a twinkle in a blondes' eye?
A: Shine a flashlight in her ear.

Q: How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree?
A: Wave.

Q: How did the blonde break her arm raking leaves?
A: Fell out of the tree.

Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid?
A: They can't fit 2 quarts of water in the little package.

Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the kitchen sink?
A: Because that's where you wash vegetables.

Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
A: Pull the pin and throw it back.

Q: What does a Blonde do first thing in the morning?
A: Gets dressed and goes home.

Q: Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A: To keep her neck warm.

Q: Why did the blonde cross the road?
A: Never mind that, what was she doing out of the bedroom?

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?
A: You can only put three fingers in a bowling ball.

Q: What do you call a blonde with a dollar bill on her head.
A: All you can eat under a buck.

Q: What did the blonde call her pet Zebra?
A: Spot.

Q: How is a dumb blonde like spaghetti?
A: They both squirm when you eat them.

Q: Why was the blonde delighted when she finished the jigsaw puzzle in
   11 months?
A: Because the box said 2 to 4 years.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a scratch and snif at the bottom of the pool.

Q: If Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, a smart blonde and a dumb blonde
   were standing together and someone dropped a $100 bill in front of
   them, who would pick it up?
A: The dumb blonde....there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the Easter
   Bunny, or a smart blonde.

Q: What is the difference between Big Foot and a smart blonde?
A: There have been confirmed sightings of Big Foot.

Q: If a Blonde an "X" wife and an attorney fell out of an airplane
   which one would hit the ground first?
A: Who cares?

Q: What do a blonde and a postage stamp have in common?
A: You lick em, you stick em and you send them on their way.

Q: What's the difference between a miniature circus and a group of
   blondes?
A: The circus is an array of cunning stunts!

Q: Why don't Blondes breast feed their babys?
A: Because it hurts too much when they boil their nipples.

Q: How do you brainwash a Blonde?
A: Give her an enema.

Q: Why didn't the Blonde have any ice cubes for her party?
A: She lost the recipe.

Q: Did you hear about the Blonde who won a gold medal?
A: She was so proud that she had it bronzed.

Q: Why does a Blonde prefer tilt steering?
Q: More headroom.

Q: What thoughts do Blondes have after reading these jokes?
A: None, as usual... and they most likely didn't understand them
   either.

Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?
A: Regular price, four bucks, four bucks, four bucks.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Did you hear that the only job for blondes at the candy factory
A: Proofreading the M&M's?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday night?
A: Tell her a joke on thursday...

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies???
A: 3, 2 to make the batter, and 2 to peel the M&Ms.....
   sorry (3, 2 to make the batter and 1 to peel the M&Ms).....

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.


Q: Did you hear about the blond prostitute who didn't vote?
A: She didn't care who got in.

Q: How does a blond screw in a lightbulb?
A: She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve
   around her.

Q: What do blondes and cow pies have in common?
A: The older they get the easier they are to pick up.

Q: What do you call a zit on a blonde's butt?
A: A brain tumor.

Q: What do you call a blonde in leather jacket?
A: A rebel without a clue!

Q: Why Did The Blonde Have Bruises around Her Navel?
A: Her Boyfriend Was Blonde Too.

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who lost 85% of her brains?
A: Her husband died.

Q: Why can't blondes fart?
A: They don't shut up long enough to build up the pressure.

Q: What does a blonde say in the morning?
A: Who ARE you guys?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Friday?
A: Tell her a joke on Monday.

Q: What do screen doors and blondes have in common?
A: The more you bang them the loser they get.

Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?
A: They don't know the route.

Q: What do blondes and computers have in common?
A: You never appreciate either until they go down on you.

Q: Why don't blondes like vibrators?
A: It's hard on their teeth.

Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?
A: One is a busy ditch.

Q: What can strike a blonde without them even knowing it?
A: A thought.

Q: What do tou call ten blondes in a swimming pool?
A: An air pocket.

Q: What do you see when you look deep into the eyes of a blonde?
A: The back of her head.

Q: What is dumber than the 133 Blondes above?
A: Me for wasting hours editing and typing these silly things.



 
Some new billboards are getting attention in Cleveland. Some people
reported seeing one or two messages, but the newspaper listed all of
them. Here's a list of all variations of the "God Speaks" billboards.
The billboards are a simple black background with white text. No fine
print or sponsoring organization is included. These are awesome...
enjoy.

Let's meet at my house Sunday before the game.
           -God

C'mon over and bring the kids.
           -God

What part of "Thou Shalt Not..." didn't you understand?
           -God

We need to talk.
           -God

Keep using my name in vain, I'll make rush hour longer.
           -God

Loved the wedding, invite me to the marriage.
           -God

That "Love Thy Neighbor" thing... I meant it.
           -God

I love you and you and you and you and...
           -God

Will the road you're on get you to my place?
           -God

Follow me.
           -God

Big bang theory, you've got to be kidding.
           -God

My way is the highway.
           -God

Need directions?
           -God

You think it's hot here?
           -God

Have you read my #1 best seller? There will be a test.
           -God

Do you have any idea where you're going?
           -God

Don't make me come down there.
           -God 

                              Bill's New House

     While the Gates are moving in from their temporary quarters
     nearby, final construction of their new house is not expected to
     be completed until the end of the year !!
     Bill has a meeting with the contractor....

     Bill: "There are a few issues we need to discuss."

     Contractor: "Ah, you have our basic support option. Calls are free
     for the first 90 days and $75 a call thereafter. Okay?"

     Bill: "Uh, yeah... the first issue is the living room. We think
     its a little smaller than we anticipated."

     Contractor: "Yeah. Some compromises were made to have it out by
     the release date."

     Bill: "We won't be able to fit all our furniture in there."

     Contractor: "Well, you have two options. You can purchase a new,
     larger living room or you can use a Stacker."

     Bill: "Stacker?"

     Contractor: "Yeah, it allows you to fit twice as much furniture
     into the room. By stacking it, of course, you put the
     entertainment center on the couch... the chairs on the table...
     etc. You leave an empty spot, so when you want to use some
     furniture you can unstack what you need and then put it back when
     you're done."

     Bill: "Uh... I dunno... issue two. The second issue is the light
     fixtures. The bulbs we brought with us from our old home won't
     fit. The threads run the wrong way."

     Contractor: "Oh! Thats easy. Those bulbs aren't plug and play.
     You'll have to upgrade to the new bulbs."

     Bill: "And the electrical outlets? The holes are round, not
     rectangular. How do I fix that?"

     Contractor: "Just uninstall and reinstall the electrical system."

     Bill: "You're kidding!?"

     Contractor: "Nope. Its the only way."

     Bill: " Well... I have one last problem. Sometimes, when I have
     guests over someone will flush the toilet and it won't stop. The
     water pressure drops so low that the showers don't work."

     Contractor: "That's a resource leakage problem. One fixture is
     failing to terminate and is hogging the resources preventing
     access from other fixtures."

     Bill: "And how do I fix that?"

     Contractor: "Well, after each flush, you all need to exit the
     house, turn off the water at the street, turn it back on, reenter
     the house and then you can get back to work."

     Bill: "That's the last straw. What kind of product are you selling
     me?"

     Contractor: "Hey, if you don't like it nobody made you buy it."

     Bill: "And when will this be fixed?"

     Contractor: "Oh, in your next house, which will be ready to
     release sometime near the end of next year. Actually it was due
     out this year, but we've had some delays..."

I highly recommend a study of William Blake. You might start with The
Marriage of Heaven and Hell.

More Blakeisms:

And builds a Heaven in Hell's despair
And builds a Hell in Heaven's despite

The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.
If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.

Prisons are built with stones of Law,
Brothels with bricks of Religion.

The lust of the goat is the bounty of God.
The wrath of the lion is the wisdom of God.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.

Every thing possible to be believ'd is an image of truth.
The tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
Every Wolf's & Lion's howl raises from Hell a Human Soul.

Thy Heaven doors are my Hell Gates;

Truly, My Satan, thou art but a Dunce

Now the sneaking serpent walks in mild humility
And the just man rages in the wilds where lions roam.

O Urizen! Creator of men! mistaken Demon of heaven!
Mad, he danc'd on his mountains high & dark as heaven.

But Mark! Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
This Angel, who is now become a Devil, is my particular friend

A dragon form, clashing his scales: at midnight he arose,
America is darken'd; and my punishing Demons, terrified,

the study of angels, the workmanship of demons

Art thou she that made the nations drunk with the cup of Religion?
furious lions sound the song of Joy
The cruel joy of Luvah's daughters, lacerating with knives
They catch the shrieks in cups of gold,
But the Human Wine stood wondering;

And was Jerusalem builded here among these dark Satanic Mills?

Suffer not the fashionable Fools to depress your powers

And in its Holiness is closed the Abomination of Desolation.

I must Create a System or be enslav'd by another Man's.

I will not Reason & Compare: my business is to Create.
Calling on God for help, and not ourselves, in whom God dwells,

Mystery, Babylon the Great, The Druid Dragon & hidden Harlot
Dazzling around thy skirts like a Serpent of precious stones
Am I not Lucifer the Great, and you my daughters?

 
I just went through a copy of his Collected Works and keyed into my
tagfile any lines that struck my eye.


From mdyoung@utopia2.com Thu Oct 23 19:31:43 1997
Date: Tue, 21 Oct 1997 00:25:56 GMT
From: Mike Young <mdyoung@utopia2.com>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Blasphemous Joke List

              Welcome to the "Blasphemous Joke List"

I try to keep the list updated, so if you have an unlisted blasphemous
joke, or if you want a new copy, just email me at:
   
                                   mdyoung@utopia2.com

And now, for the jokes....
*************************************************************

Jew dies, goes to heaven. Meets St. Peter at the pearly gates. Gets 
guided tour of heaven.  At one point they come to a huge wall; say's 
St. Peter, "Sshh." Jew asks why. St. Peter says "On the other side 
of the wall are the Christians, and they think they're the only ones
here."
----------------    

Q: What did the lions say when the Emperor of Rome threw the    
   Christians into the arena?
A: Yum!
----------------

Up in Heaven, God was feeling tired.  He had been a busy deity lately.
Anyways, St. Peter suggests he should go on vacation.  "Where?", rants
God, "I created everything!  I know what everything is!!"  "Well",
replies St. Peter, "Earth is a nice place.  You could go there." "Ohh
no!  Not Earth!", says God, "I went there about two thousand years
ago, screwed some chick, and they're *still* talking about it!"
----------------

Jesus walks into a hotel, tosses three nails on the front desk and 
says, "Hey, can you put me up for the night?"
---------------- 

Jesus, hanging on the cross, spots Peter in the crowd at the bottom 
of the hill. "Peter," he calls. "Peter." Peter hears his name and 
replies, "I hear, Lord, I'm coming," and starts up the hill toward 
the cross. A Roman guard blocks Peter's way and says, "Stop, or I'll 
cut off your arm." But Peter says, "I must go on, my Lord is calling 
me," and tries to pass the guard, who cuts off his arm with a sword. 
Jesus calls again, "Peter, Peter...", so Peter continues, bleeding 
and in terrible pain, up the hill toward the cross. Another guard 
blocks his way and says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your other arm." Peter

ignores this, saying, "I must go on, my Lord is calling me." As Peter
tries to pass the second guard, the guard cuts off his other arm with 
his sword. Jesus calls again, "Peter...," so Peter, getting weak from 
the pain, continues up the hill. A third guard blocks his way and
says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your leg."  Peter says to the guard, "I
must go on, my Lord is calling me."  As Peter tries to continue up the
hill, the guard cuts off his leg. Peter falls in a heap of pain and
blood, but still manages to push and drag himself up the hill toward
the cross with his one remaining leg. Jesus calls again,
"Peter...Peter..." Peter replies, "I hear, Lord, I'm coming." Another
guard steps in front of Peter and says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your
other leg." Peter squirms top try to pass the guard, so the guard cuts
off Peter's other leg. In excruciating pain, Peter uses sheer
willpower to drag his mutilated body to the base of the cross.
Panting, he raises his eyes toward Jesus and says, "I am here, Lord. I
have answered your call. Jesus looks down at Peter and says, "Peter...
I can see your house from here."
----------------  

                Top 10 Reasons
        Why Beer Is Better Than Jesus
 
  -------------------------------------------------
 
  10.  No one will kill you for not drinking Beer.
 
   9.  Beer doesn't tell you how to have sex.
 
   8.  Beer has never caused a major war.
 
   7.  They don't force Beer on minors who can't
       think for themselves.
 
   6.  When you have a Beer, you don't knock on
       people's doors trying to give it away.
 
   5.  Nobody's ever been burned at the stake,
       hanged, or tortured over his brand of Beer.
 
   4.  You don't have to wait 2000+ years for a
       second Beer.
 
   3.  There are laws saying Beer labels can't lie
       to you.
 
   2.  You can prove you have a Beer.
 
   1.  If you've devoted your life to Beer, there are
       groups to help you stop.
--------------- 

Jesus, hanging on the cross, raises his eyes toward the heavens and 
cries, "Father Almighty, please remove these nails from my hands... 
 - WAIT, NO!  THE FEET, THE FEET!!"
----------------  

Q: What was the last request made of Jesus Christ?
A: Hey buddy could you cross your legs?  I've only got three nails.
---------------- 

Q:  Why was Christ able to walk on water?
A:  Shit floats.
---------------- 

Two nuns are bicycling down a cobblestone street.  The first one says
to the other: "I haven't come this way before."  The second one says:
"I know. It's the cobbles."
----------------

Q: Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's? 
A: They fall through his hands.

----------------
Q: What's the difference between Jesus and a painting?
A: It takes only one nail to hang a painting.
----------------

Q: How can we tell it was a jew who crucified Jesus?
A: Who else would tell the guy to cross his legs to save one spike?

Q: What do you get when you cross a nun with an apple?
A: A computer that won't go down on you!

Q: Why were there only 12 apostles at the Last Supper?
A: The bread and wine weren't enough, so ...

****************************************************************

Keep 'em comin'!! I'm sure the list is just a pale shade of its 
potential... Always willing to spread the blasphemy -

                                mdyoung@utopia2.com



On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
A beer.
On the second day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
Two turtlenecks and a beer.
OK, for brevity, I'll now start at the top:
Eight comic books
Seven packs of smokes
A six-pack of Tuborg
Five golden touques
Four pounds of back bacon
Three french toast
Two turtlenecks
And a beer ... in a tree.
(Where'd you learn that last part, eh?)
(Albums)


Hope this helps.  This is one of our family favorites.
Kind of embarrassing when the four-year-old belts it out to the
grandparents, though.
Nancy G
caught in the crossfire between oldies and classic hits


From: mib1956@uxf.cso.uiuc.edu
Subject: Re: My quotes file
Message-ID: <55600137@uxf.cso.uiuc.edu>
Date: 28 Jan 89 20:45:00 GMT

OK, I guess it's time for me to post my quotes list again.  As usual
(well, kind of -- I've only posted them once before), I will post them
in random order, without attributions, so you can have fun figuring out
where they came from.  In about a week, I'll post the original file,
with the attributes in comments.  I'll also post the wimpy program I
use that reads my .fortunes file.

I have two criteria for my quotes: a) it must be public (ie I don't
include quotes my friend Joe Shmoe said.  People who have tastes very
similar to mine conceivably could recognize all of these quotes) and b)
it must have made me laugh out loud.  This explains why my list is
relatively short (currently, there are 159 entries).

I will happily take corrections to the wording of the quotes, but,
please, no suggestions for additional quotes.  Somehow, this list is
very personal, and if I don't spot the quote myself, I probably won't
include it.  Oh, plaudits, compliments, and the like are welcome -- in
fact they are required.

	Steven
	...!ucbvax!grady
	grady@postgres.berkeley.edu

- Incip -

"Wheat.  So what?"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Get a life!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'"

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Oh Mr. Bellpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"It's Czechoslovakia!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repair you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Thank God.  The police."

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"
"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Inconceivable!"
"You use that word a lot.  I don't think it means what you think it does."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."
"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
	-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
			edited by the Princess Serutan

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
			-Lord Kelvin

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"Take my Worf, please."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

"I like overkill."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu"

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"Why do you wear that toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

"Storage Compartments?  Storage Compartments?"

"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"Hurl that spheroid down the field.."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps
more deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?
What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
	-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
		and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"How soon do you wish to marry my daughter?"
"Oh, right away, squire, right away!  I 'aven't 'ad any for weeks!"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Mistakes were made."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"Are you police officers?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"And was head of Gestapo for 10 years - No!  5 years!
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.
So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"The use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

- Finis -
 
From marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news-xfer.netaxs.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!news.mtu.edu!msunews!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!munnari.OZ.AU!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.mel.aone.net.au!news.netspace.net.au!news.mira.net.au!vic.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!139.134.5.33! Sun Apr 13 18:02:17 1997
From: "Haigh" <Haigh@onaustralia.com.au>
Subject: Definitive blonde joke list?
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Message-ID: <01bc4587$122a6100$LocalHost@default>
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1155
NNTP-Posting-Host: 139.134.91.205
Date: 12 Apr 97 03:25:49 GMT
Lines: 211
Path: marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news-xfer.netaxs.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!news.mtu.edu!msunews!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!munnari.OZ.AU!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.mel.aone.net.au!news.netspace.net.au!news.mira.net.au!vic.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!139.134.5.33!
Xref: marlin.ucsf.edu alt.tasteless.jokes:56017

Q: How do blonde braincells die ?
A: Alone. 

Q: How do you brainwash a blonde?
A: Give her a douche and shake her upside down. 

Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?
A1: Blow in her ear.
A2: Buy her another beer. 

Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?
A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear! 

Q: HOW DO YOU KEEP A BLONDE BUSY ALL DAY?
A: Put her in a round room and tell her to sit in the corner. 

Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?
A: Tell her she's pregnant. 

Q: What will she ask you?
A: "Is it mine?" 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
There were three women who were at the gynecologist having pre-natal
checkups. The doctor asked the first woman "in what position was the baby
conceived ?"
"He was on top ", she replied.
"You will have a boy !" the doctor exclaimed.
The second woman was asked the same question.
"I was on top ", was the reply.
"You will have a baby girl. " said the doctor.
With this, the third women, a blond, burst into tears.
"Whats the matter ?" asked the doc.
"Am I going to have puppies ?".....



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it. 

Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?
A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row. 

Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?
A: The rest are hunt'n peckers. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN A BLONDE THROWS A PIN AT YOU?
A: Run like Hell....she's got a hand grenade in her mouth. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU CALL A BLONDE GOLFER WITH AN IQ OF 125? 
A: a foursome. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU GIVE THE BLONDE WHO HAS EVERYTHING?
A: Penicillin. 

Q: What do you call a blond mother-in-law?
A: An air bag. 

Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their
popularity?
A: B.J. 

Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?
A: Remove their underwear. 

Q: What do blonde virgins eat?
A: Baby food. 

Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?
A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!" 

Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!" 

Q: WHAT IS BLONDE AND GREEN AND JUMPS FROM BED TO BED?
A: A prostitoad. 

Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?
A: Because it said 'concentrate'. 

Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE BAKE A CHICKEN FOR 3 AND A HALF DAYS?
A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound, and she weighed 125.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
A dumb Blonde died and went to Heaven. When she got to the Pearly Gates,
she met Saint Peter who said, "Before you get to come into Heaven, you have
to pass a test."
"Oh, No!" she said but Saint Peter said not to worry he'd make it easy.
"Who was God's son?" said Saint Peter.
The dumb Blonde thought for a few minutes and said "Andy!"
"That's interesting... What made you say that?" said Saint Peter
Then She started to sing "Andy walks with me! Andy talks with me! Andy
tells me..."

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS?
A: A know-it-all bitch. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLOND SAY WHEN SHE WOKE UP UNDER THE COW?
A: What are you guys still doing here? 

Q: WHAT ARE THE WORST SIX YEARS IN A BLONDE'S LIFE?
A: Third Grade. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE SAY ABOUT BLONDE JOKES?
A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto
Ricans. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE THINK OF THE NEW COMPUTER?
A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get MTV. 

Q: What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see any. 

Q: What does a blond say during a porno movie?
A: There I am!! 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
A blonde goes into the drug store to buy some condoms (so she can practice
safe sex). She walks up to the pharmicist and asks "How much for a box of
condoms?"
"They're $1 for a box of 3," he replied, "Plus 6 cents for the tax."
"Oh," said the blonde, "I wondered how they kept them on."

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: You don't. They're born that way. 

Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?
A: They're too hard to peel. 

Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?
A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor. 

Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?
A: Proofreading. 

Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: For throwing out the W's. 

Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?
A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet. 

Q: How does the blonde car pool work?
A: They all meet at work at 7:45. 

Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?
A: Her IQ goes up! 

Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?
A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock. 

Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?
A: They always forget the recipe. 

Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?
A: She was dragged 200 yards. 

Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?
A: One. 

Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ?
A: She didn't know what ONE came first... 

Q: Why don't blondes talk when having sex?
A1: Their mothers told them not to talk to strangers. 

Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?
A: Divorced. 

Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating a cowboy?
A: By the buckle print on her forehead. 

Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?
A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her
forehead! 

Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?
A: She has a checkbook. 

Q: What's the difference between a prostitute, a nymphomaniac, and a
blonde?
A: The prostitute says "Aren't you done yet?"
The nympho says "Are you done already?"
The blonde says "Beige...I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."


Q: Why does a blonde only change her baby's diapers every month?
A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds." 

Q: Why do blondes have see-through lunch box lids?
A1: So they know if it is morning or afternoon.
A2: So that when they're on the train they can tell if they're going to
work or coming home. 

Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?
A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees. 

Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?
A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter. 

Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?
A1: They can't remember the number.
A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons. 

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?
A1: Introduces themself.
A2: Walks home. 

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?
A: Opens the car door. 

Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?
A: Bucket seats. 

Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?
A: Last years hide and go seek winner. 

Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?
A: A whine cellar. 

Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?
A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK". 

Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?
A: In case she locks the keys in her car. 

Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished 
her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?
A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years. 

Q: Did you hear about the blonde coyote?
A: Got stuck in a trap, chewed off three legs and was still stuck. 

Q: What's a blonde's favorite nursery rhyme?
A: Humpme Dumpme. 

Q: What did the blonde customer say to the buxom waitress (reading her
nametag) 
A: "'Debbie'...that's cute. What did you name the other one ?" 

Q: A blonde is walking down the street with a pig under her arm.
She passes a person who asks "Where did you get that?"
A: The pig says, "I won her in a raffle!" 

Q: A blonde ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should
cut it in six or twelve pieces. A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve
pieces."


A blonde, a brunette and a redhead went into a bar and asked the bartender:
Brunette: "I'll have a B and C."
Bartender:"What is a B and C?".
Brunette: "Bourbon and Coke."
Redhead: "And, I'll have a G and T."
Bartender: "What's a G and T?"
Redhead: "Gin and tonic."
Blonde: "I'll have a 15."
Bartender: "What's a 15?"
Blonde: "7 and 7"

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A blonde was driving down the highway to Disneyland when she saw a sign
that said "DISNEYLAND LEFT". After thinking for a minute, she said to
herself "oh well !" and turned around an drove home.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


On her way home the same blonde drove past another sign that said "CLEAN
RESTROOMS 8 MILES". By the time she drove eight miles, she had cleaned 43
restrooms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


A dumb blonde was bragging about her knowledge of the state capitals. She
proudly said," go ahead, ask me, I know all of them." A red head said,
"O.K., what's the capital of Wisconsin?" The blonde replied, "Oh, that's
easy, 'W'."




Xref: pilchuck rec.humor:135368 rec.humor.d:2860
Path: pilchuck!entropy1!nwnews.wa.com!news-chi-2.sprintlink.net!news-chi-1.sprintlink.net!news-east.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!newsfeed.internetmci.com!206.221.240.2!tungsten.tor.sfl.net!newsadmin@tor.sfl.net
From: ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca (Dark Shadow)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.humor,alt.humor,rec.humor,rec.humor.d
Subject: Bastard operators from hell
Date: Fri, 13 Feb 1998 00:33:12 GMT
Organization: Shaw FiberLink Ltd.
Lines: 747
Message-ID: <34e794a9.34120249@news.jet2.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dyn-77.jet2.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.5/32.452

-BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #7

So I manage AT LONG LAST, to get a couple of hours off for lunch, AND,
because
I can't
leave my desk unattended, I get the janitor in and have him sit in my chair.
I tell him that
all he has to do is make sure the receiver doesn't accidentally get put back
on the hook. He
agrees and I'm off.

First stop, the bank.   I change a $50 note into quarters and then ask to
see
a balance of
my account. Then I yank the power lead out of the teller's vdu. It dies.  I
say I'm in a hurry
and is the manager around?

He rolls over like a man-sized twinkie and asks what the problem is.  I say
that all I want
is a balance of my accounts.  I cross my fingers.  YES! He finds the vdu
lead
out, plugs it
in, and logs in, TO THE MANAGER'S ACCOUNT. Now's my chance - I slip up
against
the
counter, slopping 200 coins across the counter.  The manager ignores it, but
all the
tellers dive for the money.  I watch, unobserved, as the manager types in
his
password at
the breakneck speed of one character a minute. At that rate I should've got
$100 worth....
He finishes typing.   "MONEY".  What a toughy!  Well, that's my mortgage
taken
care of
tonight...

A user that I recognise from "D(eletion) day '89" approaches.  I think he's
going to talk to
me.  Even the bank manager is shaking his head furiously. But it's too late,
he stops.

"Um, excuse me, Could you tell me what is the best computer to buy to do my
thesis on?

?!

Right.

"You've heard of Commodore 64's?"   I ask

"Yes?.."

"Avoid them like the plague!  Not many people know this, but computers
aren't
made to
handle that much memory - it's over 64,000 things, more in some cases. It's
a
recipe for  disaster!"

"Oh!"

"Try something safe and proven.  A ZX81 with dual cassette drive if you can
get it.  The 1K
ram model.  Write that down.  Don't buy a disk drive - You know how they're
always
failing, but music cassettes last forever!"

"Hey thanks!"

"No worries.  What was your username again?"

He tells me.  Just in time for D-Day 92.  You'd think they'd learn.

I get back to work and the janitor's asleep at the terminal.  I ask him if
he
wants to work
here too, but he likes the ability to bust in on people when they're in the
toilet...

I put the phone back on the hook, and straight away it rings.  I hate it
when
it does that, it
takes me AGES to get my walkman phones in.

It's the hottest hosemonster I've ever met, and she's got a computer
problem!
I love it when that happens!

"What's your username?" I ask

She tells me (as if I didn't know)

Quick as I can I read all her e-mail (mostly boring stuff), then grep
everyone
else's mail  files for her username.  Nothing.  Excellent!

"What's the problem?" I ask, all smiles and charm.

"I can't save my documents, it says something about space."

"Not a problem for long" I say, and delete everyone else on the same disk as
her.  "You  should be fine now.."

"Thank you so much" she gushes.  I make a mental note to do something to her
account    again tomorrow. "No worries."

The phone rings almost before I've got it on the hook.

"My files are all gone!" a voice whines out at me.

"When did this happen?" I ask.

"Just now..." he says, through the tears

"I see.  Well, I wouldn't worry, there's three days till the end of the
semester, if you
work day and night until then, you should get at least a C-"

He sobs a couple more times then hangs up.  What a wimp.

THE PHONE RINGS AGAIN!

"The screen on my PC is really dim" The woman at the other end says  "Should
I
wind the
brightness knob up?"

"NO!" I scream  "Don't touch that knob!  Have you any idea of the radiation
that comes out of that thing when the knob gets wound up?!!!!"

"Well I..." she says, all uncertain

"TAKE MY ADVICE!"  I say "There's only ONE way to fix a dim display, and
that's by power surging the drivers"

The words "power surging" and "drivers" have got her.  People hear words
like
that and go
into dummy mode and do ANYTHING you say.  I could tell her to run naked
across
campus
with a powercord rammed up her backside and she'd probably do it...  Hmmm...

"Have you got a spare power cord?"

"No.."

"Oh well, never mind, we'll have to do the power surge idea...  Ok, quick as
you can, I want you to flick the power switch of your PC on and off 30
times"

"Should I take my disks out?"

"NO!  Do you want to lose all your data!?!"

"Oh.  No!  Ok.."

I listen carefully.. ..

...clicky..clicky...clikky.. .. .. ...clicky.     ...cliccy..
. . BOOM!

Amazing, it probably made it to 27 - the power supply usually shits itself
at
15 or so...

"MY COMPUTER BLEW UP!!!" she screams at me down the line

"Really?  Must've been a dodgy power supply!  Lucky we found out now!  Is
your
machine  still under warranty?"

"NO!"

"Dear oh dear.  Well, Best get it repaired then.  Did you backup your
files?"

"Yes, to the system, Yesterday, but all this morning's work is gone!"

"Oh dear.  What was your username, I'll just check that your backups worked
ok?"

She tells me....
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #8

I'm at my desk as usual, and a user calls.

"Hello Computer Room, Simon here, How can I help" I answer

"I can't get into my account!" A user mumbles at me.

"What was your username please?" I say

They give me their username.  No worries.  I look in their account.

"No worries, it was just a badly made login file.  I've fixed it, you should
be able to login."

"Thanks!"

"No worries.   Have a nice day!"

WHAT IS THIS?  you're asking yourself.  Has the BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL
turned
over a new leaf?  Sold out?!   GONE INSANE?!!! Nope.  The BASTARD OPERATOR
FROM
HELL is being logfiled.  And if that's happen- ing, I'm being bugged as
well.
So I'm being
nice till I can find the bugs.  It shouldn't be long - bear with me.

Ah.  One in the phone handpeice.  Basic.  But then the boss is a sneaky
sort,
so there's
probably a couple more.  Ah!  And another in the base of the phone and one
inside my
keyboard.  Time for a mad coffee-spilling frenzy.  This is a big job, so I
bring the whole
jug over and wait for a witness.  The System Manager comes in.

"Where's that report of mine?" he asks in a surly manner - he's obviously
pissed that I
haven't implicated myself yet.  Antagonist Identified.  As the Principal of
"BASTARD
OPERATOR SCHOOL" (me) will tell you, "There's no problem so large it can't
be
solved by
killing the user off, deleting their files, closing their account and
reporting their REAL earnings to the IRS"

I pull his printout from under the coffee jug where I put it, and the coffee
splashes all
over the phone and keyboard, which for some reason were stacked on top of
each
other.

"Woopsy!"  I say, mock horror on my face.  The System Manager's face tells
me
I was
right in my guess.

"Don't think you'll get away with this!" he snarls and stomps off.

I click on the ethernet monitor and watch the traffic coming out of his PC.

Ah!  A memo, authorising the termination of my contract, going to the laser
in
the
director's office. I make a few alterations to the file in the spool
directory
and let it go to
it's destination.  I run my dinky little program that deposits -522 to the
PC
and our
mainframe shits itself.

Later, while booting, I'll remove that nasty logfile business.

      Next, I wander into the comms room and plug my earphone into the spare
RS232 port
in the Directors office.  It's amazing how simple it is to bug an office
once
it's got data
lines going to it!

Director: "Are you sure about this?" SysMgr: "OF COURSE!"
Director: "You don't want to reconsider?" SysMgr "NEVER!" Director:
"Very well, I'll fax it to staffing now.." SysMgr "EXCELLENT!"

Two seconds later the System Manager strolls in smiling. "Well, I'll really
miss you
Simon.." he says, full of himself.

"Oh?" I say, all sweetness and charm "Where are you going?"

"No Simon" he says, with glee "You're going"

"A PROMOTION!" I say "You've finally written that letter to the head of
staffing telling
him he's a bum-sucking arse bandit and that you quit?"

"No..."

"Are you sure?  It's much better than the one about me being fired.."

"Y.."  His eyes widen slightly

It's like clubbing a seal to death with a foam cushion.  He runs to stop the
fax.  Only,
having just resigned, >clicky cklikcy< his card key no longer works...

Ametuers...

The Phone rings.  It's the same guy as before

"I can get into my account now, but I've run out of disk"

"Hang on, I'll see what I can do"

>clicccky<... rm -r *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #9

I'm driving to work and I'm stuck behind this old guy, the classic slow
driver
from hell,
whose  car red-lines at 20 mph and can't take corners at more than 5.  I
honk
my horn
but his hearing aid's probably turned way down to "whisper", so I'm stuck.

I make a mental note of his license plate.  In fact, I did that 60 times a
minute for 15 and a
half minutes.  Oh dear.. oh dear....  Looks like another call to the DMV
Database to register
a vehicle as stolen by out of town arms dealers...

I get to work, flick the excuse page over.  "ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION FROM
SATTELLITE DEBRIS".  Fair enough, it looks like it's going to be a good day.

I log into "FUCKYOU", (the help-desk enquiries username) and go into mail.
There's 3
new messages, the first of which is 117 lines long, so it's obviously a
storyteller.  Shit, I
hate that. Instead of saying "My account needs more disk space" they tell
you
about how
they're doing this bit of research for a lecturer and how it's got to be in
yesterday, and
they almost had it but their second cousing twice removed had a perforated
herpes scab
and lost a lot of blood and had to be rushed into hospital... etc etc.  I
delete the message.

Second message I read, but it's one of those people who can't handle the
mail
interface and
send a null message, so all you get is headers.  I reply to the message
saying
"No worries,
we can do that by next tuesday".  Hope it was important.

The last message I leave for tommorrow, because Saturday would be a dull day
if I ever
had to work then.

The phone rings.  I thought I'd fixed that!

I put it on hands free so I can slop some pizza into the microwave.

"Yes" I call

"Something's wrong with my Boot disk, I can't login to the server"

"Have you got your disk with you?"

"Sure!"

I go get the disk and put it and the pizza in for 5 minutes on "ULTRA-NUKE".

Six minutes later, he rings back.

"It still doesn't work, and now my disk makes a funny noise and smells."

"OH SHIT!  It's that electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris again!"

"Really?  I think I heard about that!"  (What a tool!)

"Yep, I'm sorry, you'll have to buy another disk"

"Oh, that's ok, I don't mind, the old one was getting worn.  Thanks"

"Sure, no worries.  And be sure to run it through our virus checker FDISK
when
you get a
lot of important data on it..."

"I will!  Thanks!"

"That's Ok - it's my job!"

Xcbzone is running really slow so I kill off a whole lot of database
backends
that seem to
be hogging all the cpu and get back into my game.  Much better.

It isn't easy on the frontline, work work work...

I go to the cafeteria for a quick 2 hour snack - they're so nice to me
there.
They always
have been, ever since that computer glitch that registered their kitchen as
an
organ
recipient - very messy.  I grab a couple of cans of coke and some cheese
things and cruise
on back to the office via the first year computer funamentals lab.  I look
in
the window on
the scene that unfolds it- self to me - a lab full of first years with no
demonstrator.

WELL I'LL JUST HAVE TO HELP!

I walk on in.

"Right, I'm your temporary replacement demonstrator and today we're going to
put our
assignments aside for half an hour to learn about the REMARK function, or,
as
it's known
to the computer literate world, rm.."

I should have been a teacher you know - I've got this way with people... ...
------------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #10

I get invited to a lecture as a guest speaker in "Computing Operations Fund-
amentals",  so
I  leave the control room in the capable hands of Sam, the janitor and
cruise
on down.

The lecture starts and goes ok, then there's a 10 minute period where
students
get to ask a
"real operator" questions that they have about operations.

I get out my pad and pen. "Before we get started" I say, "could you just
call
out your
username before you ask me a question, I find it easier to apply your
problem
to terms
you would understand better" The lecturer eats all this up - the personal
touch really
gets to them. "First Question, You over there.."

"What do you think of the privacy of individuals on a shared system?"

"What was your username please?"

"CMS1103"

>Scratchy scritch< "Computer Privacy...   Hmmm.  This is a toughy really.
You
mean
stuff like reading the email between you and your counsellor about you not
wanting to
come out of the closet?"

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGH!"

"AH.  Well, he seems to have left - must have picked a bad COMPLETELY RANDOM
example.  Next question.  You, over there..."

"CMS1136.  I was.."

"Ah yes, 1136 the only person on campus who subscribes to
alt.sex.buggery.by.
sailors.dressed.in.mums.clothing"

"It's purely for research purposes!"

"I'm sure it is.  You do a lot of story posting for a researcher don't you?"

"NNGggggAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHGH!"

"Next please..."

...

..

Two minutes later, the lecture theatre's empty. That's the problem with
students today,
they just don't want to learn.

I go back to control and Sam's asleep at the console again.  I think he's
after my job.  I
make a mental note to tap into the salary database and cancel his health and
accident
insurance payments.  You can't be too careful..

I put the phone on the hook for the first time this afternoon and it starts
ringing almost
immediately.  THAT'S IT!  I redirect it to 911 catch a bit of shuteye.
That'll teach them.
OOPS! Almost forgot to turn over the excuse calendar.  "STATIC FROM NYLON
UNDERWEAR"  Nope, too plausable - although in some cases I could do an
on-site
check.
Nah, can't be stuffed.  I'll pick another one.  "STATIC FROM PLASTIC SLIDE
RULES"  Now
THAT'S one with a challenge!

I un-redirect the phone and drag the rubbish bin so it rests on the
printer's
stacker -
another job well done.  The phone rings - this could be the big one!

"Hello?"

"Hi, Um, how do I spell-check my file?"

"Simple, just type `spell' and the filename"

"Thanks"

I'm so bloody nice this morning.  Especially as I know that my version of
spell introduces
errors instead  of detecting them.  Things like changing friend to freind
and
vice-versa.
What the hell.

The phone rings - it's them again.

"There's something wrong with spell"

"What makes you think that?"

"Because my file is all corrupt now!"

"That doesn't sound like spell to me.  Are you logged into thru PC?"

"Yes, but I can.."

"Please, leave the technical diagnosis to me...  Now, is there a plastic
ruler
somewhere on
or in the desk?"

"Um >clunka<, yes..."

"Right.  You've got a static buildup on your hard-drive caused by the
changing
electrostatic field generated by the ruler - the same one that makes bits of
paper stick to
it when you rub it up and down your arm..."

DUMMY MODE ON

"Oh.  What do I do?"

"You know how you get paper off a ruler by hitting it on a table lots of
times? Well do that
with your PC.  Say 20 times - lift it about a foot off the desk & drop it."

"Oh.  OK"

>crash<

>crash<

>crash<

"Um, the screen went dark"

"That's ok, it's supposed to do that - keep going.  And when you're
finished,
do the screen
as well, that static may have gone up the wires to it."

>crash<

>crash<

>crash<...

I hang up.   I get up and go out to the public area to put honey in the
floppy
drives when a
guy who looked like Lee Harvey Oswald runs up to me and shoots me, only the
sound comes
from the machine room, and I can hear the ex System- Managers chuckle....

Later, in the ambulance, I realise.  I forgot to get the guys username...

Then everything goes dark
------------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL LIVES! #11

The darkness cleared as we got out of the tunnel and it occurred to me that
I
couldn't be all  that injured.  Then again, maybe I was.  Someone was going
to
p..

I died.

Of course, a true BOFH considers this not really as dying, but more of going
home for the
holidays.

Five seconds later, I'm getting the upside of 15Kv across the nipples.
(These
ambulance guys sure know how to party).



BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL LIVES!


Three weeks later I'm back on my backside and feeling rested at relaxed
behind
the console
again. The rest has done me good, I feel *great!*.  I catch up on everyone's
email then let
the students know I'm back by performing an impromptu preventative
maintenance
in the
middle of lab time by kicking the restart switch (They love it really)

I flip today's excuse card,  "GLOBAL WARMING"  YES YES YES!  What a welcome
home!

It's the end of the month so all those automatic email reminder programs
will
be sending
messages all over the place.  I set the system clock back 7 days to buy some
peace and
quiet and swap the printer ribbon for the three year old one with holes in
it.

    I sort through my snail mail and crack open the BOFH Monthly Newsletter,
"kill -9"
and check out the articles therein.   There's a nice peice of making OS2
slow,
boring and
painful, but it looks exactly like the OS2 installation instructions to
me...
Ah, who knows.
I head straight to the BOFH Wizard section to see if any of my articles were
published.
All of them!!!  Even the one about the c compiler that randomly removes one
line from the
source code it's compiling!

The phone rings.

"The Screen on my PC is blank!!!"

"It's the power cord" I say

"No, I checked that.  When I switch it on, it does nothing!"

"It's the power cord" I say

"No, I checked and it's all plugged in properly.  There's no lights on the
keyboard or
anything"

"It's the power cord" I say

"Oh.  I just noticed, the cord's not plugged in properly!"

"The power cord?" I ask

"Yes...  Woopsy"

"No worries at all" I say "Is it all working well now?"

"Yes, I think so.  I'm sorry, you WERE right all along"

"Yes, we're getting a lot of this, it's due to the current Global Warming
problem.  It
causes random thermal expansion and contraction resulting in temperature
induced
movement of friction based holding mechanisms.."

I listen carefully.  Nothing.  In other words, ...

"You can fix it permanently tho'" I say

"Really?  How?"

"Well it's all to do with lowering salt deposits on the metal contacts"

"Oh!"  (Dummy mode irrevocably engaged)

"All you need to do is just take the power plug out deposit some dilute
mineral salts on it.
Do you have some dilute mineral salts on you?"

"Uh, no?"

"Ok, no worries, just stick it in your mouth drool into it.  But make sure
you
wipe the
plug first to get rid of any germs, and TURN THE SWITCH OFF ON THE MONITOR
before you
do - we don't want a nasty accident!

"Oh.  Ok!"

>Fzzzt< >clunk!<

I hang up as the receiver hits the floor.  Disk space is too good for them.

***************** THE END

Speaker



Spread It Around!  
Sign up to the Internet's elite source,
Send E-mail to efreem2@alumni.umbc.edu to join 
The Field.

AOD318

http://www.alumni.umbc.edu/~efreem2

Quote of the times;
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


===========================================================
My Homepage - http://www.jet2.net/~jbaillie
ICQ UIN - 4016080

Under United States law, it is unlawful "to use any
telephone facsimile machine, computer, or other 
device to send an unsolicited advertisement"
http://www.ca-probate.com/faxlaw.htm

Canadian laws against spam:
http://www.stopspam.org/usenet/mmf/laws/canada.html

A service of Netizens Against Gratuitous Spamming
http://www.nags.org/
http://antispam.org/
http://www.cauce.org
===========================================================
Brick Accident
 
  Dear Sir:
  I am writing in response to your request for additional information in Block #3 of the accident reporting form.  I put "Poor Planning" as the cause of my accident.  You asked for a fuller explanation and I trust the following details will be sufficient.
  I am a bricklayer by trade.  On the day of the accident, I was working alone on the roof of a new six-story building.  When I completed my work, I found I had some bricks left over which when weighed later were found to weigh 240 lbs. Rather than carry the bricks down by hand, I decided to lower them in a barrel by using a pulley which was attached to the side of the building at the sixth floor.
  Securing the rope at ground level, I went up to the roof, swung the barrel out and loaded the bricks into it.  Then I went down and untied the rope, holding it tightly to insure a slow descent of the 240 lbs of bricks.  You will note on the accident reporting form that my weight is 135 lbs.
  Due to my surprise at being jerked off the ground so suddenly, I lost my presence of mind and forgot to let go of the rope.  Needless to say, I proceeded at a rapid rate up the side of the building.
  In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel which was now proceeding downward at an equally impressive speed.  This explains the fractured skull, minor abrasions and the broken collarbone, as listed in Section 3, accident reporting form.
  Slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley which I mentioned in Paragraph 2 of this correspondence.  Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of the excruciating pain I was now beginning to experience.
  At approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground-and the bottom fell out of the barrel.  Now devoid of the weight of the bricks, the barrel weighed approximately 50 lbs.
  I refer you again to my weight.  As you might imagine, I began a rapid descent down the side of the building.
  In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel coming up.  This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.
  Here my luck began to change slightly.  The encounter with the barrel seemed to slow me enough to lessen my injuries when I fell into the pile of bricks and fortunately only three vertebrae were cracked.
  I am sorry to report, however, as I lay there on the pile of bricks, in pain, unable to move and watching the empty barrel six stories above me, I again lost my composure and presence of mind and let go of the rope.

??



 

 



3.8	Optional Op-codes for NetBSD, FreeBSD, and other systems.

	MNEMONIC	INSTRUCTION
	----------------------------------
	AAC		Alter All Commands
	AAR		Alter At Random
	AB		Add Backwards
	AFVC		Add Finagle's Variable Constant
	AIB		Attack Innocent Bystander
	AWTT		Assemble With Tinker Toys
	BAC		Branch to Alpha Centauri
	BAF		Blow All Fuses
	BAFL		Branch And Flush
	BBIL		Branch on Blown Indicator Light
	BBT		Branch on Binary Tree
	BBW		Branch Both Ways
	BCF		Branch and Catch Fire
	BCIL		Branch Creating Infinite Loop
	BDC		Break Down and Cry
	BDT		Burn Data Tree
	BEW		Branch Either Way
	BF		Belch Fire
	BH		Branch and Hang
	BOB		Branch On Bug
	BOD		Beat On the Disk
	BOI		Bite Operator Immediately
	BPDI		Be Polite, Don't Interrupt
	BPO		Branch on Power Off
	BRSS		Branch on Sunspot
	BST		Backspace and Stretch Tape
	BW		Branch on Whim
	CDC		Close Disk Cover
	CDIOOAZ		Calm Down, It's Only Ones and Zeros
	CEMU		Close Eyes and Monkey with User space
	CH		Create Havoc
	CLBR		Clobber Register
	CM		Circulate Memory
	CML		Compute Meaning of Life
	COLB		Crash for Operators Lunch Break
	CPPR		Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
	CRASH		Continue Running After Stop or Halt
	CRB		Crash and Burn
	CRN		Convert to Roman Numerals
	CS		Crash System
	CSL		Curse and Swear Loudly
	CU		Convert to Unary
	CVG		Convert to Garbage
	CWOM		Complement Write-Only Memory
	CZZC		Convert Zone to Zip Code
	DBZ		Divide By Zero
	DC		Divide and Conquer
	DMNS		Do what I Mean, Not what I Say
	DMPK		Destroy Memory Protect Key
	DPMI		Declare Programmer Mentally Incompetent
	DPR		Destroy Program
	DTC		Destroy This Command
	DTE		Decrement Telephone Extension
	DTVFL		Destroy Third Variable From Left
	DW		Destroy World
	ECO		Electrocute Computer Operator
	EFD		Emulate Frisbee Using Disk Pack
	EIAO		Execute In Any Order
	EIOC		Execute Invalid Opcode
	ENF		Emit Noxious Fumes
	EO		Execute Operator
	EROS		Erase Read-Only Storage
	FLI		Flash Lights Impressively
	FSM		Fold, Spindle and Mutilate
	GCAR		Get Correct Answer Regardless
	GDP		Grin Defiantly at Programmer
	GFM		Go Forth and Multiply
	IAE		Ignore All Exceptions
	IBP		Insert Bug and Proceed
	ISC		Insert Sarcastic Comments
	JTZ		Jump to Twilight Zone
	LCC		Load and Clear Core
	MAZ		Multiply Answer by Zero
	MLR		Move and Lose Record
	MWAG		Make Wild-Assed Guess
	MWT		Malfunction Without Telling
	OML		Obey Murphy's Laws
	PD		Play Dead
	PDSK		Punch Disk
	PEHC		Punch Extra Holes on Cards
	POCL		Punch Out Console Lights
	POPI		Punch Operator Immediately
	RA		Randomize Answer
	RASC		Read And Shred Card
	RCB		Read Command Backwards
	RD		Reverse Directions
	RDA		Refuse to Disclose Answer
	RDB		Run Disk Backwards
	RIRG		Read Inter-Record Gap
	RLI		Rotate Left Indefinitely
	ROC		Randomize Opcodes
	RPB		Read, Print and Blush
	RPM		Read Programmer's Mind
	RSD		On Read Error Self-Destruct
	RWCR		Rewind Card Reader
	SAI		Skip All Instructions
	SAS		Sit and Spin
	SCCA		Short Circuit on Correct Answer
	SFH		Set Flags to Half mast
	SLMTU=x		SLIP MTU size
	SLP		Sharpen Light Pen
	SPS		Set Panel Switches
	SPSW		Scramble Program Status Word
	SQPC		Sit Quietly and Play with your Crayons
	SRDR		Shift Right Double Ridiculous
	STA		Store Anywhere
	TARC		Take Arithmetic Review Course
	TPF		Turn Power Off
	TPN		Turn Power On
	UCB		Uncouple CPU and Branch
	ULDA		Unload Accumulator
	UP		Understand Program
	WBT		Water Binary Tree
	WHFO		Wait Until Hell Freezes Over
	WI		Write Illegibly
	WSWW		Work in Strange and Wondrous Ways
	XSP		Execute Systems Programmer
	ZAR		Zero Any Register

	If you have gotten this far, you deserved some humor.


	   Murphy's Laws and Other Observations

   Murphy's Law

1. If anything can go wrong, it will.
2. If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
   will cause the most damage will be the first one to go wrong.
3. If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
4. If you preceive that there are four possible ways in which something can
   go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will
   promptly develop.
5. Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
6. If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked
   something.
7. Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
8. Mother Nature is a bitch.

   O'tooles Commentary On Murphy's Laws

Murphy was an optomist.

   Ginsberg's Theorems

1. You can't win.
2. You can't even break even.
3. You can't even quit the game.

   Forsyth's Second Corollary to Murphy's Laws

  Just when you see the light at the end of the tunnel, the roof caves in.

   Weilers Law

  Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.

   The Laws of Computer Programming

1. Any give program, when running, is obsolete.
2. Any given program costs more and takes longer each time it is run.
3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
5. Any given program will expand to fill all the available memory.
6. The value of a program is inversely proportional to the weight of its
   output.
7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the
   programmer who must maintain it.

		  -more later-

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

[Let me preface this by saying that I have a brilliant calculus teacher,
known far and wide for his ability to make the subject as comprehensible
as it's ever gonna get.   Anyway, I was ripping my hair out over a problem
one evening and ended up writing the following instead, just to blow off
some steam.   Next day I submitted it to the campus rag and they were kind
enough to publish it the week before finals.   Probably why I passed.]


                   ANSWERS TO THE CALCULUS FINAL
               by A Concerned and Resourceful Student

We, the Calculus students of Foothill College, wish to voice our
dissatisfaction with the teaching practices of the Math Department here.
We feel that the Calculus professors are too strict and demanding,
assigning a preposterous workload and giving tests of immense difficulty.

We recognize that Calculus is an intrinsically challenging subject, but
this method of instruction makes classes nearly impossible to pass.   We
urge the Foothill College SENTINEL to join us in protest by allowing us to
publish, in advance, the following answers to the upcoming final exam, in
order to give students a more equitable chance at demonstrating their
knowledge of the subject.

Clip And Save:

1)  The Derivative Is Our Friend.

2)  The Derivative Is Very Useful.   (We know this because people use it
all the time.)

3)  The Derivative Is Very Old.   (This result can be obtained by looking
at how long the derivative has been around, and then subtracting from Now.)

4)  The Derivative was invented by two guys, one of whom was Newton, who
also makes a mighty nice cookie.

5)  a:  The limit of the sum is the sum of the limits.
    b:  The limit of the product is the product of the limits.
    c:  The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.  Or the one.

6)  The Derivative is Not Our Foe.   (This result is easily proved by
assuming that the derivative is our foe, then using #1 above to obtain a
contradiction.)

7)  ...NOW, multiply by the derivative of what's INSIDE the brackets...
with respect to x...

8)  When in doubt, refer to #1.

Extra Credit:

9)  1812.  (Trick question.  Every Calculus final requires at least one
problem with an actual numeric solution.  Students who forget this are
often tempted to put "Ulysses S. Grant" as the answer here.)

10)  Write a question appropriate for a Calculus final, then answer it.
Write a question appropriate for a Calculus final, then answer it.

Bumper stickers and Buttons

 1. Well, this day was a total waste of make-up.
 2. Make yourself at home! Clean my kitchen.
 3. Who are these kids and why are they calling me Mom?
 4. Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after.
 5. Do I look like a freakin' people person?
 6. I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
 7. This isn't an office-It's Hell with fluorescent lighting.
 8. I started out with nothing & still have most of it left.
 9. I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.
10. I majored in Liberal Arts. Will that be for here or to go?
11. If I throw a stick, will you leave?
12. You! Off my planet!
13. Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
14. Practice random acts of intelligence & senseless acts of self-control.
15. Bottomless pit of needs & wants.
16. I like cats, too. Let's exchange recipes.
17. Friendly checkout clerk. Thanks for keeping me that way!
18. If I want to hear the pitter patter of little feet, I'll put shoes on my
    cat.
19. Does your train of thought have a caboose?
21. Meandering to a different drummer.
22. Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
24. Let me show you how the guards used to do it.
25. And just how may I screw you over today?
27. I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood for 30 years.
28. If only you'd use your powers for good instead of evil...
29. How do I set a laser printer to stun?
30. A PBS mind in an MTV world.
32. Allow me to introduce my selves.
33. Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
34. Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you."
35. Better living through denial.
36. Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
37. Suburbia: where they tear out the trees & then name streets after them.
38. Adult child of alien invaders.
39. I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
40. I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
42. I'm not your type. I'm not inflatable.
43. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
44. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
45. Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen
    asleep yet.
47. I refuse to star in your psychodrama.
48. Here I am! Now what are your other two wishes?
49. Back off! You're standing in my aura.
50. I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one.
51. Don't worry. I forgot your name, too!
52. Adults are just kids who owe money.
53. I plead contemporary insanity.
54. Is it time for your medication or mine?
56. I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
58. I work 40 hours a week to be this poor.
59. Earth is full. Go home.
60. Can I trade this job for what's behind door #2?
61. Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
62. Macho Law forbids me from admitting I'm wrong.
63. Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
64. Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
65. Too may freaks, not enough circuses.
66. Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
68. Ambivalent? Well, yes and no.

     My kid beat up your honor roll student.
     
     Hey man, sorry about your daughter.
     
     You! Get out of the gene pool!
     
     Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
     
     I love cats...they taste just like chicken. 
     
     Out of my mind.  Back in five minutes.
     
     As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
     
     Happiness is a belt-fed weapon.
     
     Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
     
     Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let her(him) sleep.
     
     I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather...
     ...Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car...
     
     Montana --- At least our cows are sane!
     
     The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
     
     I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
     
     Your kid may be an honor student, but you're still an IDIOT!
     
     It's as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you.
     
     When you do a good deed, get a receipt, in case heaven is like the IRS.
     
     I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
     
     If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of Meat?
     
     Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills its students.
     
     It's lonely at the top, but you eat better.
     
     Reality? That's where the pizza delivery guy comes from!
     
     Forget about World Peace.... Visualize Using Your Turn Signal!
     
     Warning:  Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
     
     Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
     
     We are born naked, wet, and hungry.  Then things get worse.
     
     Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
     
     He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
     
     Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
     
     Lottery:  A tax on people who are bad at math.
     
     3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
     
     Why is 'abbreviation' such a long word?
     
     Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
     
     Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
     
     I like you, but I wouldn't want to see you working with subatomic particles.
     
     I killed a 6-pack, just to watch it die.
     
     Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
     
     I'm a corporate executive, I keep things from happening.
     
     If Clinton is the answer, it must have been a stupid question.
     
     Very funny, Scotty.   NOW BEAM DOWN MY CLOTHES!
     
     Puritanism:  The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy.
     
     Consciousness:  That annoying time between naps.
     
     I souport publik edekasion
     
     The sex was so good that even the neighbours had a cigarette.
     
     We are MicoSoft.  Resistance is Futile.  You WILL be Assimilated.
     
     Be nice to your kids.  They'll choose your nursing home.




A young woman who was several months pregnant boarded a bus. When she
noticed a young man smiling at her she began feeling humiliated on account
of her condition. She changed her seat and  he seemed more amused. She
moved again and then on her fourth  move he burst out laughing.  She had
him arrested.

When the  case came before the court this was the man's reply when asked 
why he acted in such a manner: "When the lady boarded the bus I couldn't
help noticing she was pregnant. She sat under an advertisement which read 
"Coming Soon: The Gold Dust Twins", then  she moved under one that read
"Sloans Liniments remove Swelling".  I was even more amused when she sat
under a shaving advertisement  which read "William Stick Did The Trick".
Then I could not  control myself any longer when on the fourth move she sat
under  an advertisement which read "Dunlop Rubber would have prevented 
this accident." 

He won the case.

-- 
Foo Woon Leong
wlfoo@pop.jaring.my
http://www.geocities.com/Yosemite/8889


AN ELECTRONIC CHRISTMAS/CHANUKAH CARD TO ALL

	 Lyrics: Evan Leibovitch <evan@telly.on.ca>
	 Code: Beverly Erlebacher <erlebach@cs.toronto.edu>

	 Dedicated to Dave Mason, Chris Siebenmann, and anyone who's left
	 their computers alone just long enough for them to self-destruct:

	 (Sung to the tune of something or other...)


On the first day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	A burnt-out V.D.T.

On the second day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the third day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the fourth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the fifth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the sixth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the seventh day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the eighth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the ninth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the tenth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the eleventh day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Eleven chips a-smoking;
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the twelfth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Twelve boards a-blowing;
	Eleven chips a-smoking;
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the thirteenth day I started adapting my Nintendo for the VME bus.


From gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu Tue Oct 28 15:12:08 1997
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 1997 14:59:23 -0500
From: "G. Gollinger" <gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu>
To: gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu
Subject: [Fwd: joke]


  [ Part 1: "Included Message" ]


The following are a sampling of REAL answers received on exams given by 
the California Department of Transportation's driving school (read Saturday
Traffic School for moving violation offenders.)
                                                                           
                                                              Q: Do you
yield when a blind pedestrian is crossing the road?
A: What for? He can't see my license plate.

Q: Who has the right of way when four cars approach a four-way stop at the
same time?
A: The pick up truck with the gun rack and the bumper sticker saying, "Guns
don't kill  people. I do."

Q: What are the important safety tips to remember when backing your car?
A: Always wear a condom.

Q: When driving through fog, what should you use?
A: Your car.

Q: How can you reduce the possibility of having an accident?
A: Be too ****-faced to find your keys.

Q: What problems would you face if you were arrested for drunk driving?
A: I'd probably lose my buzz a lot faster.

Q: What changes would occur in your lifestyle if you could no longer drive
lawfully?
A: I would be forced to drive unlawfully.

Q: What are some points to remember when passing or being passed?
A: Make eye contact and wave "hello" if he/she is cute.

Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a
flashing yellow traffic light?
A: The color.

Q: How do you deal with heavy traffic?
A: Heavy psychedelics.

Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy traffic problem?
A: Carry loaded weapons.
-- 
 charlesg@webspan.net (CHAZ)



Be careful what you wear (or don't wear) when working under your
vehicle... especially in public. From the Morning Herald, Sydney,
Australia, comes this story of a central west couple who drove their
car to K-Mart only to have it break down in the carpark. The man told
his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car there in
the park. 

The wife returned later to see a small group of people near the car. On
closer inspection she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under the
chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned
private parts into glaringly public ones. Unable to stand the
embarrassment, she dutifully stepped forward, quickly put her hands up
his shorts and tucked everything back into place. On regaining her
feet, she looked across the bonnet and found herself staring at her
husband who was standing idly by.

The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his head.

From marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news.ironhorse.com!mr.net!visi.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.bc.net!torn!nntp.igs.net!not-for-mail Sun Apr 13 18:20:14 1997
Path: marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news.ironhorse.com!mr.net!visi.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.bc.net!torn!nntp.igs.net!not-for-mail
From: slinger5@igs.net (Slinger)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Weight loss during sex
Date: Sat, 12 Apr 1997 18:32:05 GMT
Organization: IGS - Information Gateway Services
Lines: 175
Message-ID: <332c8f5a.439070@news.igs.net>
Reply-To: slinger5@igs.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: ttyd0e.ott.igs.net
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.1/16.230
Xref: marlin.ucsf.edu alt.tasteless.jokes:56066

THE DIETER'S GUIDE TOT WEIGHT LOSS DURING SEX

How much weight do we lose during sex?  The diet
literature explains calories burned while jogging,
playing tennis or golfing, but similar information
concerning sexual activity has, until now, been
unavailable.  Yet, a survey of 206,000,000 people
indicated that 96% devote more time and effort to
sex than jogging, tennis, or golf, and we felt
that the time was right for a new type of sex
manual.

EXAMPLES:

1 hr. intensive foreplay
Burns Off:  1 slice (large) chocolate cake

25 min. nonstop lovemaking
Burns Off:  2 slices of pizza with cheese &
mushrooms

53 min. of kissing partner
Burns Off:  1 cheeseburger with 14 french fries

53 minutes kissing yourself
Burns Off:  Christmas turkey with all the
trimmings


PREPARING THE BEDROOM
Includes setting the snooze alarm and dimming the
lights:  42

ADDITIONAL LAST MINUTE PREPARATIONS
Hiding the sex manual:  3 (calories burned)
Decanting the wine:  4
Without a corkscrew:  268

MAKING THE FIRST MOVE
If you are shy:  15
If you are anxious:  43
If you beg:  100

SEDUCING THE PARTNER
If you are rich (cash):  5
   "   "    "   (credit card:  15
If you are poor:  200

INITIAL BODY CONTACT
Fumbling:  4
Casually rummaging around:  7
Seriously rummaging around:  42

REMOVING CLOTHES
With partner's consent:  12
Without partner's consent:  187
Removing socks by violently shaking feet:  418

AROUSAL AND STIMULATION
Blowing in partner's ear:  15
Blowing in your own ear:  2,512

DISAPPOINTMENT (after seeing partner undressed)
Partner looks better with clothes on:  10
Partner wears corrective underwear:  15
Partner turns out to be of wrong sex:  100
You don't mind:  0.25
Partner wearing elevated socks:  50

DOING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME
Fumbling around:  4
Desperately trying to put something somewhere:  18
Completely missing:  126

POSITIONS
Italian (man on top; woman on bottom):  26
German (facing each other, but in different beds):
48
English (woman on top; man hiding):  15
American (both on top):  1243

AFFLICTIONS
Leg cramp:  36
Making believe you don't have a leg cramp:  612
Sneezing (during intercourse):  7
 "  "  (during orgasm):  588

ASSORTED ACCIDENTS
ToupÈe slips off (if your partner knew you wore
one): 5
  "  "   "  "  (if partner didn't know):  72
Extinguishing cigarette (in ashtray):  1
  "  "   "  "  (in mattress):  17
  "  "   "  "  (in partner's leg): 133
Calling your partner the wrong name:  50

ORGASMIC INTENSITY SCALE
Shoes flew off:  15
Expression didn't change:  0.5
Room turned purple:  4
Face turned purple:  78
Earth moved:  30
If earth actually moved:  1,234,588
Moaning in Turkish:  506

THINGS OFTEN SAID AFTER SEX
"I am so grateful": 15
"It must have been something we ate":  15
"Was it good for you?":  15
"Are you finished?":  15

TRYING AGAIN
If woman is ready:  5
If man is not:  563

ROLLING OVER AND GOING TO SLEEP
After sex:  18
During sex:  546
While parking car:  212

SLEEP
Real:  5
Faked (a good way to avoid sex-craved partner): 74

TAKING A BATH TOGETHER
In a bath:  5
In a sink:  150
In a jacuzzi:  15,269

MAKING THE BED
With partner still in it:  44
(indicates either a neatness obsession, a severe
optic disorder, or a partner who is very tired).
With you still in it:  97
(suggests extreme withdrawal and profound
dissatisfaction)

KEEPING A JOURNAL
Maintaining your own record of sexual activity
will be helpful for keeping track of weightloss.
You needn't go into detail, just list the activity
and the number of calories burned.  A typical
entry in a woman's journal (for example) for a
pleasant low-key sexual experience might read as
follows:

June 1st:  Sex with Harold

Explaining how:  12
Suggesting something different:  3
Calming terrified Harold:  40
Encouraging him to at least take off his socks:  8
Foreplay (a little of this;  a little of that): 56
Intercourse (standing position):  22
  "  "   "  (holding Harold up):  10
  "  "   "  (urging him on):  5
Orgasm:  not sure
Thanking Harold:  3
Waving bye-bye:  1
Total time:  six min. (taxi waiting)
Total calories burned:  160

__________________________________________________

Spam control:  To reply to me, take out the number
5 in my e-mail address....Slinger

__________________________________________________


------------------------------------------------
Spam control:  
To send an e-mail, remove the 5 in e-mail address.

------------------------------------------------



     It was another Payday, and I was tired of being Mr. Goodbar.  So I saw Miss Hershey standing behind the Powerhouse on the corner of Clark and Fifth Avenue, and I whipped out my Whopper and whispered, "Hey Sweetart, how'd you like to Krunch on my Big Hunk for a Million Dollar Bar?"

     Well, she immediately went down on my Tootsie Roll, and, Uno, it was like pure Almond Joy.  I couldn't help but grab her delicious Mounds 'cause it was easy to see that this little Twix had the Red Hots.  It was all I could do to hold back a Snicker and a Krackle as my Butterfinger went up her tight little Kit Kat and she started to scream "Oh Henry, Oh Henry!"

     Soon she was fondling my Peter Paul and Zagnuts and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my Milkduds clear to Mars and gave her a taste of the old Milky Way.  She asked if I was into M&M, but I said "Hey Chiclet, no kinky stuff." I said "Look you little Reese Piece, don't be a Zero be a Lifesaver.  Why don't you just take my Whatchamacallit and slip it up your Bit O'Honey?" (And what a piece of JuicyFruit she was, too).

     She screamed, "Oh Crackerjack, you're better than the Three Musketeers!" as I rammed my Ding Dong up her Rocky Road and into her Peanut Butter Cup.  Well, I was givin' it to her Good 'n' Plenty, when all of the sudden...my Starburst!

     Yeah, as luck would have it, she started to grow a bit Chunky and complained of a Wrigley in her stomach.  Sure enough, nine months later, out popped............a Baby Ruth!

     So be carefull what candy you eat ! ! !
??



 

 



The Incomplete List Of Impolite Words

We start out light with heck, hell, damn, goddamn, bitch, bastard and crud, and
then we get right into crap, turd, shit, dingleberry, piss, piddle, leak, mung
cheese, laying cable, pinching a loaf and dropping a load.  
Ass, booty, butt, hiney, tuckus, bum, buns, rump, cheeks, tits, jugs, bosoms,
knockers, knobs, balloons, brown-eyes, balls, nuts, rock, onions, jewels, stones,
ball-bag, jism, come, wad, shoot, cream, juice, pecker tracks, pearl necklace.
Crabs, does, sift, clap, cleat, raincoat, scumbag, rubber, gasket, french tickler,
dildo, (here we go now), fuck, screw, lay, diddle, push, plow, hump, cut, bang,
cook, batter-wham, beef injection...
Vitamin F, knock up, dip your wick, hide the salami...laying pipe, polishing your
rocket, squattin' on the hog...getting your pole varnished...
A quickie, a nooner, a matinee.
Pop your cookies, bust your nuts, get your rocks off, bananas & cream, piece of
ass, nookie, pooooooontang....(Here we go now...)
Cunt, cooz, cooch, crack, gash, twat, slash, ginch, hole, slit, snatch, quim, box,
snapper, beaver, tail, pussy, muff, bearded clam...furburger...tuna taco....bush,
hairpie, woolly-booger, glory-hole, a merkin, a muckin, button, clit, cherry,
clamp, snapping pussy, taint, boy-in-the-boat, man-in-the-canoe...
Mutt-rag, on the rag, flying the flag, riding the cotton pony...
Having the painters in.
(Some of these border on poetry, I feel.)
Hard-on, rod-on, bone-on, boner, stiff, piss-hard, wet dream, hot nuts, horny,
randy, blue-balls, lovers'nuts, cunt-struck, queefer, farts, asshole, bunghole,
little brown eyeball...
Bugger, brown, ream, cornhole, buttfuck, backdoor, bite the brown, sugar bowl pie,
mustard roll, up the old dirt road...Hershey Highway...fishing for brown trout.
Fudge packer, pound cake, finger fuck, dry hump, cop-a-feel, tit-fuck, french fuck,
one-man-band...hand-job, french-job, blow-job, head-job, rim-job, hum-job,
pipe-job, suck off, give head, give face, gobble, cop-a-stem, cop-a-doodle, go down
on, muff-dive, mustache ride...sit on my face...yodeling in the gulley....
69...71, which is 69 with two fingers up your ass...68, which is, "You do me and
I'll owe you one..." (Women hear that one all the time.)
Golden showers, around-the-world, daisy chain, sloppy seconds, dog style, mongolian
cluster fuck...group grope, gang bang, circle-jerk, 20 lira, well-hung....
(Here we go again now.)
Dick, prick, dork, dong, tongue, donner, ka-dingus, wang, schlong, putz, pork,
beef, meat, pecker, peter, tool, prong, rod, hammer, shaft, stick, snake, knob,
lob, stem, root, joint, gun, piece, weenee, skin-flute, meat-whistle,
tally-whacker...middle leg, short arm, rod of love...Mr. Goodwrench.
Joystick, love muscle, ding-dong, tube steak, pink pencil, bald-headed
mouse....trouser snake...the one-eyed wonder worm.
Jelly roll, pudding, jerk off, jack off, wack off, pull off, beat off, fist-fuck,
wanking, beating your meat, flogging your dong, pounding your pud...beating your
weed, wringing out your rope...stroking it, giving it a tug, beating the
bishop...milking the lizard, choking the chicken...waxing the dolphin.
Wrestling the eel, spank the frank, jerk the gherkin, paddle the pickle, punishing
Percy in your palm...Shooting putty at the moon...pocket pool.
Pimp, hooker, trick, queen, queer, punk, faggot, quiff, dike, diesel dike, lezzie,
bull-dagger, box-plunge, seafood, rough trade, eat me, fuck you, up your ass, fuck
off, piss off, stick it, stuff it, shove it, ram it, jam it, cram it, sit on it,
get laid, get it in, get it on, get it up, mother-fucker, cock-sucker, old fart,
fart-face, fart-sniffer, cock-sniff, asshole, peckerhead, scumbag, fuck up, fuck
off, ball-breaker, ball-buster, a real pisser, cock-teaser, cunt-lapper,
ass-kisser, brown-noser, shithead, shitheel, douche-bag, and mother strapalonean(?)

From cloonasp@westminster.eduWed Mar 19 20:38:35 1997
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 1997 22:28:46 -0500
From: Shaun Cloonan <cloonasp@westminster.edu>
To: gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd) -Forwarded -Forwarded

      Date:  03/18/1997  06:36 pm  (Tuesday)  
      From:  Michael Dean <DEANME>
        To:  MichelRA, rushjc, battiscm, BarrSA, Staffpo.FlynnPG, 
             NardisDM, NeilKG, remaletl, gardnejs, geigerke, glassda, 
             cloonasp, CrimonSJ
   Subject:  Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd) -Forwarded

Received: from [205.146.51.167] (167-51.robert-morris.edu [205.146.51.167]) by colonial-server.robert-morris.edu (8.8.4/8.6.12) with SMTP id JAA01129 for <biresbj@westminster.edu>; Tue, 18 Mar 1997 09:56:37 -0500 (EST)
X-NUPop-Charset: English
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 1997 09:56:21 -0500 (EST)
From: "Robert J Mccafferty Jr" <rjmst3@mail.robert-morris.edu>
Sender: rjmst3@mail.robert-morris.edu
Message-Id: <199703180956222926.rjmst3@colonial-server.robert-morris.edu>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
To: biresbj@westminster.edu
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)


------------------------------
From: Juliet079@aol.com 
Date: Fri, 14 Mar 1997 21:36:27 -0500 (EST)
To: rjmst3@colonial-server.robert-morris.edu
Subject: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)


---------------------
Forwarded message:
From:   sostaric@sgi.net (Ann Marie Sostaric)
To:     fostin@hotmail.com, gbpeter@tiac.net, bfreeman@awod.com,
sunrider@tamuk.edu, red21580@aol.com, juliet079@aol.com, itsme@nauticom.net,
zenonjp@freenet.edmonton.ab.ca, gt6824b@prism.gatech.edu, wishfish@pgh.net,
hades@pgh.nauticom.net, zarthon@wintermute.mafia.com, rasta@asu.edu
Date: 97-03-14 21:06:48 EST

>Return-Path: <remst32+@pitt.edu>
>Date: Fri, 14 Mar 1997 11:40:08 -0500 (EST)
>From: Ruth <remst32+@pitt.edu>
>X-Sender: remst32@unixs5.cis.pitt.edu
>To: sostaric@sgi.net
>Subject: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)
>
>
>
>---------- Forwarded message ----------
>
>Top Ten Drug Using Cartoon Suspects:
>
>10. Gargamel (From the Smurfs)
> Most likely LSD.  Spends his life in pursuit of little blue guys in
>sissy white outfits and mentally abusing his cat.  What does he plan
>to do with  the blue dwarfs when he catches them anyway?
>
>9. Olive Oyl
> Probably Dexatrim abuse, maybe some amphetamines.  Who is that
>skinny?!  She might even be anorexic, she is always giving her burger
>to her friend.  One side question, what the hell are Popeye and Brutus
>thinking?  What is it her personality?  NOT!
>
>8. Snagglepuss
> Can't explain it.  Maybe it's the name, or the look, but he is
>suspicious.
>
>7. He-Man
> This is an easy one.  I mean c'mon.  Roid monkey #1.  "BY THE POWER
>OF ANABOL!!!!!!" Makes me want to root for Skeletor.  Alone in his
>castle, hitting the weights.  And on top of that he even injects the
>shit in his pet tiger.  Can we say "Animal Abuse".
>
>6.& 5.  Yogi and Boo Boo
> We all know what is really in those picnic baskets.  They go back
>to the cave and trip.  Another side ? - Are they gay?  I mean, take
>a look at BooBoo.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.....
>
>4. Droopy
> The number one downer abuser in toon land.  Can't someone slip him
>an upper every year or two.  The only time I ever saw him happy is
>when he sees  the picture of the babe.  Sort of makes you wonder.
>
>3.Dopey Dwarf
> He openly admits it.  The other dwarfs deny involvement but they
>are under investigation.  Allegations are that Doc is writing some
>extra scripts for Sneezy and all the guys partaking are afloat.
>
>2.Daffy Duck
> If he isn't using crack, Merion Barry is clean.  He is so wired he
>bounces around on his head without pain.  Blows his beak off all the
>time.  Some symptoms might be from "daffiness" but Haldol wouldn't
>work for him.
>
>1.Shaggy
> By far the #1 suspect.  His clothes, his hair, his bad goatee, the
>boy converses with dogs.  But all of this is nothing until you go to
>the Munchie Factor.  Anybody who averages 9.3 dog treats consumed per
>episode does  pot no if, ands, or, buts about it.  And Look at the
>way him and his friends  painted that van! Pretty rad design dude.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
><< End of Forwarded message >>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>*****************************************************************************
*
>
>* To subscribe to GLBPOC, send mail to:        majordomo@abacus.oxy.edu     *
>* In the mail message, enter ONLY the words:         subscribe glbpoc
>       *
>* To unsubscribe to GLBPOC, send mail to:      majordomo@abacus.oxy.edu     *
>* In the mail message, enter ONLY the words:       unsubscribe glbpoc
>       *
>* Words in the Subject: line are NOT processed!
>                             *
>*****************************************************************************
*
>
>
>
>
>


  The entire universe is based upon the idea of The Magic Triangle:  Ferret
Velocity, Genital Security, and Power Cube.  The spinning of The Magic Triangle
is accomplished by the forces of Nerd Disco and Bonus Points.  The products of
The Magic Triangle are Gravity, Light Beer, and Christie Brinkley.

  When you sit down and REALLY think about it, the answer IS b00g.

  You won't be disappointed, but you might vomit.
				- The Oxygen People.

  "How bout' them `taters, Wallace?"

  Truck driver divorce/ It's verry sad../ Steel Guitars / usually weep all over
it/ Those bold and intelligent masters of the road with their secret language/
and their giant, oversized, mechanical, trans-continental HOBBY HOOOOORSE!
					 - Frank Zappa "Truck Driver Divorce"

  Remember, escape is only a sledgehammer away!

  TERROR FERRET LIVES!

      :yad eht fo g00b

  The only way to solve world problems is with a chessboard.

  "Let's perform Minor Surgery on Woodchucks and pass out on an Oakland Street
Corner!"                                - Zippy The Pinhead

  The Wonder-Lobotomy: All those childhood memories, magically wiped away!

  The day after tommorow is the third day of the rest of your life.
							- Ron S. VanZuylen

  Did YOU know that freshman are IGNITABLE?

  That is B00g. B00g is the way. b00g is also the way, but the only way is with
a wristwatch.

  Fine, go ahead, throw it back in my face. Remember, I feel HAPPY!

  "Rover, HEEL! HEEL! PUT DOWN THE CHAINSAW QUIETLY, ROVER!"

  Mastication in Heaven: Not a pretty sight.

  Consider this: The same dude who can't put together an erector set can
legally own a gun.... Hmm....

  "Gawd-darn it! I can't seem to git the ol' PC a-booting terday."

  This bulletin board is scratch and sniff.. Smell the faucet... Smells just
like electrons.

  Terror Ferret says: "What the hell is it with these late-night pagers? They
only bother me, and YOU don't give a shit, Jason."

  Call your own number and ask for yourself.

  Make believe that this board is in 3-D....

  "Lucky" is a homosexual lephrecan!

  There is no b00g of the day.. Just kidding.

  Hey, is that your face or is my monitor go too much dust on it?

  Calling Doctor Clit into the stale night... Doc Clit.. Where are you?

  Ameoba Porn...

  It's time to ... WASH AWAY THOSE TROUBLES WITH SOME CHEAP COCAINE AND SNORT,
SNIFF, GAG!

  Phhhhfffftt.

  I don't like Frank Sinatra
  OR HIS CHILDREN.

  Q:What did the Gerbils say when the Homosexual walked into the pet store?
  A:"Arf Arf, Bow wow"

  Chicken Noodles from Hell.

  Diane Sawyer-What a Concept.

  B00f from the heart.

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

Wot they learn at Universite theze dais

DT:  Journal-Article
TI:  Spelunking as a manifestation of a counterclaustrophobia.
AU:  Myers,-Wayne-A.
JN:  Journal-of-the-American-Psychoanalytic-Association
PY:  1989

AB:  Material is presented from the case history of a 37-yr-old man
whose interest in spelunking (cave exploration) was an unconscious
expression of a type of counter claustrophobia.  Both oedipal and
preoedipal determinants of the claustrophobic anxieties are delineated.

The testicular element in the genesis of the patient's claustrophobia
is emphasized.  A counterphobic element of the spelunking per se was
the Ss' enjoyment in hanging suspended by a rope in caves.

In this manner, he was able to act out (by virtue of his body-testicle
equation) his identification with, and control over, the disappearing
testicles in the setting of a claustrophilic union with the mother.

The recent announcement that Donner and Blitzen have elected to take
the early reindeer retirement package has triggered a good deal of
concern about whether they will be replaced, and about other
restructuring decisions at the North Pole.

Streamlining was  due to the North Pole's loss of dominance of the
season's gift distribution business.  Home shopping channels and
mail order catalogues have diminished Santa's market share.  He could
not sit idly by and permit further erosion of the profit picture.

The reindeer downsizing was made possible through the purchase of
a late model Japanese sled for the CEO's annual trip.  Improved
productivity from Dasher and Dancer, who summered at the Harvard
Business School, is anticipated.  Reduction in reindeer will also
lessen airborne environmental emissions for which the North Pole
has received unfavourable press.

I am pleased to inform you that Rudolph's role will not be disturbed.
Tradition still counts for something at the North Pole. Management
denies, in the strongest possible language, the earlier leak that
Rudolph's nose got that way, not from the cold, but from substance
abuse.  Calling Rudolph "a lush who was into the sauce and never
did pull his share of the load" was an unfortunate comment, made by
one of Santa's helpers and taken out of context at a time of year when he
is known to be under executive stress.

As a further restructuring, today's global challenges require the
North Pole to continue to look for better, more competitive
steps.  Effective immediately, the following economy measures are to take
place in the "Twelve Days of Christmas" subsidiary:

 - The partridge will be retained, but the pear tree never turned
out to be the cash crop forecasted.  It will be replaced by a plastic
hanging plant, providing considerable savings in maintenance;

 - The two turtle doves represent a redundancy that is simply not
cost effective. In addition, their romance during working hours
could not be condoned. The positions are therefore eliminated;

 - The three French hens will remain intact.  After all,
everyone loves the French;

 - The four calling birds were replaced by an automated voice mail
system, with a call waiting option.  An analysis is underway to
determine who the birds have been calling, how often and how
long they talked;

 - The five golden rings have been put on hold by the Board of
Directors.  Maintaining a portfolio based on one commodity could
have negative implications for institutional investors.  Diversification
into other precious metals as well as a mix of T-Bills and high
technology stocks appear to be in order;

 - The six geese-a-laying constitutes a luxury which can no longer
be afforded. It has long been felt that the production rate of one egg
per goose per day is an example of the decline in productivity.
Three geese will be let go, and an upgrading in the selection procedure
by personnel will assure management that from now on every goose it
gets will be a good one;

 - The seven swans-a-swimming is obviously a number chosen in
better times.  The function is primarily decorative.  Mechanical swans
are on order. The current swans will be retrained to learn some new
strokes and therefore enhance their outplacement;

 - As you know, the eight maids-a-milking concept has been under
heavy scrutiny by the EEOC. A male/female balance in the workforce
is being sought. The more militant maids consider this a dead-end job
with no upward mobility. Automation of the process may permit the
maids to try a-mending, a-mentoring or a-mulching;

 - Nine ladies dancing has always been an odd number.  This function
will be phased out as these individuals grow older and can no longer
do the steps;

 - Ten Lords-a-leaping is overkill.  The high cost of Lords plus the
expense of international air travel prompted the Compensation
Committee to suggest replacing this group with ten out-of-work
congressmen.  While leaping ability may be somewhat sacrificed,
the savings are significant because we expect an oversupply of
unemployed local body politicians this year;

 - Eleven pipers piping and twelve drummers drumming is a simple
case of the band getting too big.  A substitution with a string
quartet, a cutback on new music and no uniforms will produce
savings which will drop right down to the bottom line;

We can expect a substantial reduction in assorted people, fowl,
animals and other expenses.  Though incomplete, studies indicate
that stretching deliveries over twelve days is inefficient.  If we can
drop ship in one day, service levels will be improved.

Regarding the lawsuit filed by the attorney's association seeking
expansion to include the legal profession ("thirteen lawyers-a-suing")
action is pending.

Lastly, it is not beyond consideration that deeper cuts may be
necessary in the future to stay competitive.  Should that happen,
the Board will request management to scrutinize the Snow White
Division to see if seven dwarfs is the right number.

Happy Holidays!

 ---------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saysell, Assistant Advisor (Systems Analyst)
Policy Prevention Section (Cervical Screening Programme)
Ministry of Health, 1st floor, 123 Molesworth St, WELLINGTON

Mail:            Ministry of Health, PO Box 5013, WELLINGTON
Courier:         c/- Ministry of Health, 133 Molesworth St, WELLINGTON
Phone:           +64 4 496 2167
Internet E-Mail: Philip.Saysell@mohwn.synet.net.nz

Disclaimer:  Nothing in this message should be taken to reflect the official 
policy of the New Zealand Government or the Ministry of Health.

From suse-linux-e-return-43263-kuhlmav=elec.canterbury.ac.nz@ns2.suse.com  Thu Dec 28 18:29:42 2000
Date: Thu, 28 Dec 2000 00:27:56 -0500
From: "Fred A. Miller" <fmiller@lightlink.com>
Subject: [SLE] 'Puter lyric for the holidays
Delivered-to: mailing list suse-linux-e@lists.suse.com


By Nicholas Petreley 

T'was the night before deadline when all of us groused,
Not a server was stirring, not even the mouse;
'Cause Windows was hung with a bright blue screen glare,
In need of a service pack that wasn't there. 

My vision was blurring, my face turning red,
While visions of sledgehammers danced in my head.
I put down the manual, gave it a slap.
I just can't believe that we paid for this crap. 

Then out of my trance I arose with a clatter,
I sprang from my chair to be done with the matter.
Away to the garbage I ran like a flash,
And dropped Windows disks in the festering trash. 

The goon who created this product did show
That his knowledge of software had come from below.
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,
But an OS that's free and it's free as in beer. 

With its modular drivers so stable and quick,
I knew in a moment that Linux was slick.
More rapid than DOS was the manager's claim!
But I whistled and shouted and called and exclaimed; 

"No Crashes! No Errors! No Fussin' and Fixin'!
No problems as stupid as DLL mixin'!"
So I bounced off the porch and I bounced off the wall.
No crash today, crash today, crash today! Haw!! 

Thanks to Samba the OS could run on the sly
Then the manager called me and said to stop by.
So up to the manager's office I flew,
With a fist full of disks and a manual, too. 

Just when I was thinking I'd give him my proof,
He gave me some news in a manner aloof.
As I drew back the disks and was turning around,
My hope for the future came tumbling down. 

He was dressed in all gray, from his head to his foot,
And the points in his hair o'er his ears stood a foot;
A budget immense he had put on a stack,
And he looked like a glutton done eating a snack. 

His eyes, how they squinted! His pimples, how scary!
His breath was like Marlboros, his sneer made me wary. 
His droll little brain was strung tight like a bow,
But he'd gotten the numbers he'd wanted, you know. 

Getting funds for the year was just like pulling teeth,
And the company rarely so much did bequeath.
When you grow a department and don't want to end it,
You beg money for Windows in order to spend it. 

So I knew he'd put Linux plans up on the shelf,
And I'd have to run Windows in spite of myself.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head,
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread. 

He spoke not a word, but he showed me his work,
And he told me this year would be chock-full of perks.
And bringing this informal meeting to close,
He said no one's hurt if there's no one who knows. 

He tossed me a disk with the speed of a missile,
With a wink of an eye, and beginning to whistle. 
And I heard him exclaim, as he put fears to rest,
"We'll put Linux on all and we'll pocket the rest." 

Computers and Computing
-----------------------


THE PAST:

"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers."
Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1943

"There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home."
Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment, 1977

"Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
Popular Mechanics, forecasting the relentless march of science, 1949

"But what ... is it good for?"
Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM,
1968, commenting on the microchip.

"I have traveled the length and breadth of this country and talked
with the best people, and I can assure you that data processing is a
fad that won't last out the year."
The editor in charge of business books for Prentice Hall, 1957

"It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible
to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with
such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years."
John von Neumann (ca. 1949)

"Contrasting this modest effort [of Seymour Cray in his laboratory to build
the CDC 6600] with 34 people including the janitor with our vast development
activities, I fail to understand why we have lost our industry leadership
position by letting someone else offer the world's most powerful computer."
Thomas J. Watson, IBM President, 1965

"It seems Mr. Watson has answered his own question."
Seymour Cray

"This is the rock-solid principle on which the whole of the Corporation's
[IBM's] Galaxy-wide success is founded... their fundamental design flaws are
completely hidden by their superficial design flaws."
TH Nelson, Computer Lib., 1988, London: Penguin.


GENERAL QUOTATIONS:

"Computer viruses are an urban myth... "
Peter Norton

"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them."
Isaac Asimov

"Our computer has never had an undetected error."
Weisert

"The computing field is always in need of new cliches."
Alan Perlis


"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers."
Pablo Picasso

"Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window."
Unknown

"To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer."
Farmers' Almanac, 1978

"Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature." 
Kulawiec

"Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems."
G. Hopper

"Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra

"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee --
that will do them in."
Bradley's Bromide

"Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the
ones in movies"
Bill Bulko

"No matter how fast your computer system runs, you will eventually come to
think of it as slow."
Unknown

"As the people here grow colder, I turn to my computer, and spend my
evenings with it, like a friend... "
Kate Bush, "Deeper Understanding"

"I just found out that the brain is like a computer. If that's true, then
there really aren't any stupid people. Just people running DOS."

"There are two major products to come out of Berekley:  LSD and UNIX.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence."
Unknown

"Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things
in the world that just don't add up."
James Magary

"In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would
have taken many men many months to equal it."
Unknown

"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they
make it easier to do don't need to be done." 
Andy Rooney

"The danger from computers is not that they will eventually get as
smart as men, but that we will meanwhile agree to meet them halfway."
Bernard Avishai

"The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that
men will begin to think like machines." 
Sydney G. Harris

"In a way, staring into a computer screen is like staring into an eclipse.
It's brilliant and you don't realize the damage until its too late."
Bruce Sterling

"The most overlooked advantage to owning a computer is that if they
foul up there's no law against wacking them around a little."
Porterfield

"Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way.
This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of
complaining."
Jeff Raskin

"The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is
by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause
accidents."
Nathaniel Borenstein

"At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will
find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the
computer."
Unknown

"If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But this
garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow
enobled and none dare criticize it."
Unknown

"Time flies like an arrow.
 Fruit flies like a banana."
Example of why it is difficult to get computers to understand human speech.

"Where did you put it?"
"Put what?"
"You know?"
"Where do you think?"
"Oh."
Nicholas Negroponte Director of the MIT Media Lab stating his ideal model
of human-computer interaction

"There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make 
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way 
is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies."
C.A.R. Hoare

"I have a friend who told me that the greatest computer system ever built 
by mankind was by the Druids at Stonehenge. Well, that's an old story.  
But what I like was that he felt that the Druids didn't die out, they 
just went bankrupt trying to debug the software."
James Finkle

"It's a well known fact that computing devices such as the abacus were
invented thousands of years ago. But it's not well known that the first use
of a common computer protocol occured in the Old Testament. This, of course,
was when Moses aborted the Egyptians' process with a control-sea... "
Tom Galloway

"I have a cat named Trash. In the current political climate it would seem 
that if I were trying to sell him (at least to a Computer Scientist), I 
would not stress that he is gentle to humans and is self-sufficient, living 
mostly on field mice. Rather, I would argue that he is object-oriented."
Roger King

"pixel, n.: A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology: Witness the
sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial intelligence, and the
trolls in the marketing department."
Jeff Meyer

"If EasyFlow doesn't work: tough. If you lose millions because
EasyFlow messes up, it's you that's out the millions, not us. If
you don't like this disclaimer: tough. We reserve the right to do
the absolute minimum provided by law, up to and including nothing.  
This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software 
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.  
We didn't want to include any disclaimer at all, but our lawyers insisted."
Disclaimer from Haventree Softwares's Easy Flow package

"An old puzzle asks how a barometer can be used to measure the height of a
building. Answers range from dropping the instrument from the top and
measuring the time of its fall to giving it to the building's superintendent
in return for a look at the plans. A modern version of the puzzle asks how
a personal computer can balance a checkbook. An elegant solution is to sell
the machine and deposit the money."
Jon Bentley

"The modern computer is capable of answering, in a matter of seconds, 
mathematical questions that would take millions of years for a human being 
to answer (even longer if he stopped for lunch). How does the computer do 
this? Simple. It makes everything up. It knows full well you're not going
to waste millions of years checking up on it. So you should never use 
computers for anything really important, such as balancing your personal 
checkbook. But they're fine for corporate use."
Unknown


THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY:

"The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it."
John Gilmore

"Usenet is like Tetris for people who still remember how to read."
Button from the Computer Museum, Boston, MA

"Usenet isn't a right. It's a right, a left, and a swift uppercut
to the jaw."
Button from the Computer Museum, Boston, MA

"EMAIL - when it absolutely positively has to get lost at the speed
of light."
Unknown

"While modern technology has given people powerful new communication
tools, it apparently can do nothing to alter the fact that many
people have nothing useful to say."
Lee Gomes, San Jose Mercury News

"The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people
it is a complete substitute for life."
Andrew Brown

"There are three kinds of death in this world. There's heart death, there's
brain death, and there's being off the network."
Guy Almes

"In view of all the deadly computer viruses that have been spreading lately,
Weekend Update would like to remind you: when you link up to another
computer, you're linking up to every computer that that computer has ever
linked up to."
Dennis Miller, SNL Weekend Update

"The world communications net, the all-involving linkage of electric
circuitry, will grow and become more sensitive. It will also develop new
modes of feedback so that communication can become dialogue instead of
monologue. It will breach the wall between "in" and "out" of school. It
will join all people everywhere."  
Marshall McLuhan,  Learning in the Global Village, 1969

"The skeptic may be pardoned for thinking that hypertext encourages 
irrelevance. What the user can end up with is little more than a series 
of footnotes, marginalia, and "see also" references -- items that have 
historically been relegated to second-class citizenship in the good old 
book format, with the added benefit of not having to stare at a lousy 
screen display to read them... Indeed, when you boil it down to its 
rudiments, hypertext seems to make one major claim: it makes computers work 
almost as well as books."  
Stephen Manes


SHORT THOUGHTS:

A Big Mac, french fries and a large Coke!
A Macintosh a day keeps Apple Happy and Rich!
A supercomputer is a machine, that runs an endless loop in just 2 seconds.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
"Bother," said Pooh, as he deleted UNIX from his machine.
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Buy a Mac.  It can do SOMETHING right.
Chernobyl used MACs.
Compassion -- that's the one thing no machine ever had.
Complexity of a Mac user:- The number of buttons on the mouse.
Computers aren't intelligent, they only think they are.
Data convinces the Coke machine that Pepsi is better.
Data convinces the Pepsi machine that Coke is better!
DOS is to OS/2 as a bicycle is to a Mack Truck.
EMACS: "Eight Megs And Constantly Swapping"
Go not to the machines for counsel, for they will say both 0 and 1.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
Help Me Macro Through the Night.
How can you respect a machine controlled by a mouse?
IBM: Its Better Manually
IBM: Its Being Mended
IBM: Intercourse Beats Masturbation
IBM: Intimidation By Marketing
IBM: Itty Bitty Machines
IBM: Ishoulda Boughta Mac
IBM: It's Broken Man
IBM: Industry's Biggest Menace
IBM: Intellectually Benign Machine
IBM: Inferiorly Built Machine
IBM: I befriended Microsoft (remember 1980?)
IBM: I'd Buy Macintosh
BMI: Business Machines International (computers for dyslexics)
I didn't write this; a very complex macro did.
I want my data back, machine, and I want it now!
If a train station is where the train stops, what's a work station?
Intel: Putting the "backward" in "backward compatible".
Its only a macro, only a macro, only a macro...
Just a 2 bit programmer on a 32 bit machine.
Let the machine do the dirty work  (Elements of Programming Style).
Linux* IS user friendly, it's just not very promiscuous about whom it's
	user friendly WITH.
Lord, give me strength to turn this machine off.
Macintosh: Machine Always Crashes If Not OS Hangs
Macintosh error message: "Like, dude, something went wrong."
Macintosh, adj. The excuse for not wanting to learn computing.
Macintosh: The etch-a-sketch you don't have to shake to clear the screen!
Macintosh: Computer With Training Wheels You Can't Remove
Machine Coders do it in bytes.
Machine independent code isn't.
Machine language programmers do it very fast.
Machine-independent:  Does not run on any existing machine.
Macho Programmers Use Edlin.
Macro? Is that short for Macaroni?
"Macros will do that to you deary....."
Modem - Monumentally Overpriced Data Eating Machine
"Newton: A pocket-sized Machine That Goes Ping!"
Real programs don't eat cache.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
The only good Mac is a big Mac!
"To err is human, to really screw up requires a Mac."
Unix:  When you can't afford the very best.
"What a depressingly stupid machine," said Marvin and trudged away.
Windows 3 - the MAC for the rest of us!


PROGRAMMING:

"Fast, fat computers breed slow, lazy programmers."
Robert Hummel

"Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it."
Donald Knuth

"Programming just with goto's is like swatting flies with a sledgehammer."
Unknown

"There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works."
Unknown

"A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in
God."
Unknown

"It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious."
Unknown

"There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is the least
bit difficult to write bad programs."
Unknown

"If debugging is the art of removing bugs, then programming must be the art
of inserting them."
Unknown

"You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of Fortran."
Alan Perlis

"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning."
Rich Cook

"The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language
will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good
name and now I am looking for a suitable language."
D. E. Knuth

"The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offense."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra 

"It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that
have had prior exposure to BASIC; as potential programmers they are mentally
mutilated beyond hope of regeneration."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra

"As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it
wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to
be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a
large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding
mistakes in my own programs."
Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949

Real Programmers don't write in COBOL. COBOL is for wimpy applications
programmers.

Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and
crystallography weenies.

Real Programmers don't write in PASCAL, or BLISS, or ADA, or any of
those pinko computer science languages. Strong typing is for people with
weak memories.

Real Programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should
be hard to understand.

Real Programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves
lucky to get any programs at all and take what they get.

Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to
change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their
climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the
middle of the machine room.


THE MANUALS:

"Do not expose your LaserWriter to fire or intense heat."
Apple LaserWriter manual

"Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing."
Dick Brandon	


"This document describes the usage and input syntax of the Unix Vax-11
assembler As.  As is designed for assembling code produced by the "C"
compiler; certain concessions have been made to handle code written
directly by people, but in general little sympathy has been extended."
Berkeley Vax/Unix Assembler Reference Manual (1983)

"Now that we have all this useful information, it would be nice to do
something with it.  (Actually, it can be emotionally fulfilling just to
get the information.  This is usually only true, however, if you have
the social life of a kumquat.)"
Unix Programmer's Manual

"All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that
the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if
you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means,
do not use a hammer."
IBM maintenance manual, 1925

"Program -- A set of instructions, given to the computer, describing
the sequence of steps the computer performs in order to accomplish a
specific task.  The task must be specific, such as balancing your
checkbook or editing your text. A general task, such as working for
world peace, is something we can all do, but not something we can
currently write programs to do."
From Unix User's Manual Manual, Supplementary Documents, p. 14-3:


Copyright: Kevin Harris 1995 (may be freely distributed with this
acknowledgement)

From http://www.rpg.net/realm/evil.html


Classic Blunders of Evil Overlords

The original had no author's credits. There is a later version floating
around with a 1996 copyright by Peter Anspach, which has subtle differences
from this one. In particular, #8 is better in this version. However, his
version has many more entries, so it is included in its entirety.

     If one believes the movies, any Evil Overlord will make one of a small
     number of "Classic Blunders". This Blunder will inevitably lead to the
     downfall of the Evil Overlord (by whatever title s/he is known).

     Therefore, I have made a list of Things to Avoid, should I ever be in
     the position of Evil Overlord.

                        If I ever become an Evil Overlord:

       1. My legions of terror will have helmets with clear plexiglass
          visors, not face-concealing ones.
       2. My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through.
       3. My noble half-brother whose throne I usurped will be killed, not
          kept anonymously imprisoned in a forgotten cell of my dungeon.
       4. Shooting is _not_ too good for my enemies.
       5. The artifact which is the source of my power will not be kept on
          the Mountain of Despair beyond the River of Fire guarded by the
          Dragons of Eternity. It will be in my safe-deposit box.
       6. I will not gloat over my enemies' predicament before killing them.
       7. When the rebel leader challenges me to fight one-on-one and asks,
          "Or are you afraid without your armies to back you up?" My reply
          will be, "No, just sensible."
       8. When I've captured my adversary and he says, "Look, before you
          kill me, will you at least tell me what this is all about?" I'll
          shoot him, and then say "No".
       9. After I kidnap the beautiful princess, we will be married
          immediately in a quiet civil ceremony, not a lavish spectacle in
          three weeks time during which the final phase of my plan will be
          carried out.
      10. I will not include a self-destruct mechanism unless absolutely
          necessary. If it is necessary, it will not be a large red button
          labelled "Danger: Do Not Push".
      11. I will not order my trusted lieutenant to kill the infant who is
          destined to overthrow me -- I'll do it myself.
      12. I will not interrogate my enemies in the inner sanctum -- a small
          hotel well outside my borders will work just as well.
      13. I will be secure in my superiority. Therefore, I will feel no need
          to prove it by leaving clues in the form of riddles or leaving my
          weaker enemies alive to show they pose no threat.
      14. I will not waste time making my enemy's death look like an
          accident: I'm not accountable to anyone and my other enemies
          wouldn't believe it.
      15. I will make it clear that I _do_ know the meaning of the word
          "mercy"; I simply choose not show them any.
      16. One of my advisors will be an average five-year-old child. Any
          flaws in my plan that he is able to spot will be corrected before
          implementation.
      17. All slain enemies will be cremated, not left for dead at the
          bottom of the cliff. The announcement of their deaths, as well as
          any accompanying celebration, will be deferred until after the
          aforementioned disposal.
      18. My undercover agents will not have tattoos identifying them as
          members of my organization, nor will they be required to wear
          military boots or adhere to any other dress codes.
      19. The hero is not entitled to a last kiss, a last cigarette, or any
          other form of last request.
      20. I will never employ any device with a digital countdown. If I find
          that such a device is absolutely unavoidable, I will set it to
          activate when the counter reaches 117 and the hero is just putting
          his plan into operation.
      21. I will design all doomsday machines myself. If I must hire a mad
          scientist to assist me, I will make sure that he is sufficiently
          twisted to never regret his evil ways and seek to undo the damage
          he's caused.
      22. I will never utter the sentence "But before I kill you, there's
          just one thing I want to know."
      23. When I employ people as advisors, I will occasionally listen to
          their advice. (End of original, start of new section)
      24. I will not have a son. Although his laughably under-planned
          attempt to usurp power would easily fail, it would provide a fatal
          distraction at a crucial point in time.
      25. I will not have a daughter. She would be as beautiful as she was
          evil, but one look at the hero's rugged countenance and she'd
          betray her own father.
      26. Despite its proven stress-relieving effect, I will not indulge in
          maniacal laughter. When so occupied, it's too easy to miss
          unexpected developments that a more attentive individual could
          adjust to accordingly.
      27. I will hire a talented fashion designer to create original
          uniforms for my legions of terror, as opposed to some cheap
          knock-offs that make them look like Nazi stormtroopers, Roman
          footsoldiers, or savage Mongol hordes. All were eventually
          defeated and I want my troops to have a more positive mind-set.
      28. No matter how tempted I am with the prospect of unlimited power, I
          will not consume any energy field bigger than my head.
      29. I will keep a special cache of low-tech weapons and train my
          troops in their use. That way -- even if the heroes manage to
          neutralize my power generator and/or render the standard-issue
          energy weapons useless -- my troops will not be overrun by a
          handful of savages armed with spears and rocks.
      30. I will maintain a realistic assessment of my strengths and
          weaknesses. Even though this takes some of the fun out of the job,
          at least I will never utter the line "No, this cannot be! I AM
          INVINCIBLE!!!" (After that, death is usually instantaneous.)
      31. No matter how well it would perform, I will never construct any
          sort of machinery which is completely indestructable except for
          one small and virtually inaccessible vulnerable spot.
      32. If I am engaged in a duel to the death with the hero and I am
          fortunate enough to knock the weapon out of his hand, I will
          graciously allow him to retrieve it. This is not from a sense of
          fair play; rather, he will be so startled and confused that I will
          easily be able to dispatch him.
      33. No matter how attractive certain members of the rebellion are,
          there is probably someone just as attractive who is not desperate
          to kill me. Therefore, I will think twice before ordering a
          prisoner sent to my bedchamber.
      34. I will never build only one of anything important. For the same
          reason I will always carry at least two fully loaded weapons at
          all times.
      35. If my supreme command center comes under attack, I will
          immediately flee to safety in my prepared escape pod and direct
          the defenses from there. I will not wait until the troops break
          into my inner sanctum to attempt this.
      36. My pet monster will be kept in a secure cage from which it cannot
          escape and into which I could not accidentally stumble.
      37. Even though I don't really care because I plan on living forever,
          I will hire engineers who are able to build me a fortress sturdy
          enough that, if I am slain, it won't tumble to the ground for no
          good structural reason.
      38. I will dress in bright and cheery colors, and so throw my enemies
          into confusion.
      39. All bumbling conjurers, clumsy squires, no-talent bards, and
          cowardly thieves in the land will be pre-emptively put to death.
          My foes will surely give up and abandon their quest if they have
          no source of comic relief.
      40. All naive, busty tavern wenches in my realm will be replaced with
          surly, world-weary waitresses who will provide no unexpected
          reinforcement and/or romantic subplot for the hero or his
          sidekick.
      41. Any and all magic and/or technology that can miraculously
          resurrect a secondary character who has given up his/her life
          through self sacrifice will be outlawed and destroyed.
      42. I will not fly into a rage and kill a messenger who brings me bad
          news just to illustrate how evil I really am. Good messengers are
          hard to come by.
      43. I will see to it that plucky young lads/lasses in strange clothes
          and with the accent of an outlander shall REGULARLY climb some
          monument in the main sqaure of my capital and denounce me, claim
          to know the secret of my power, rally the masses to rebellion,
          etc. That way, the citizens will be jaded in case the real thing
          ever comes along.
      44. I won't require high-ranking female members of my organization to
          wear a stainless-steel bustier. Morale is better with a more
          casual dress-code. Similarly, outfits made entirely from black
          leather will be reserved for formal occasions.
      45. I will not employ devious schemes that involve the hero's party
          getting into my inner sanctum before the trap is sprung.
      46. I will not turn into a snake. It never helps.
      47. I will not grow a goatee. In the old days they made you look
          diabolic. Now they just make you look like a disaffected member of
          Generation X.
      48. I will not imprison members of the same party in the same cell
          block, let alone the same cell. If they are important prisoners, I
          will keep the only key to the cell door on my person instead of
          handing out copies to every bottom-rung guard in the prison.
      49. If my trusted lieutenant tells me my Legions of Terror are losing
          a battle, I will believe him. After all, he's my trusted
          lieutenant.
      50. If an enemy I have just killed has a younger sibling or offspring
          anywhere, I will find them and have them killed immediately,
          instead of waiting for them to grow up harboring feelings of
          vengance towards me in my old age.
      51. If I absolutely must ride into battle, I will certainly not ride
          at the forefront of my Legions of Terror, nor will I seek out my
          opposite number among his army.
      52. I will be neither chivalrous nor sporting. If I have an
          unstoppable superweapon, I will use it as early and as often as
          possible instead of keeping it in reserve.
      53. Once my power is secure, I will destroy all those pesky
          time-travel devices.
      54. I will offer oracles the choice of working exclusively for me or
          being executed.
      55. When I capture the hero, I will make sure I also get his dog,
          monkey, ferret, or whatever sickeningly cute little animal capable
          of untying ropes and filching keys happens to follow him around.
      56. I will maintain a healthy amount of skepticism when I capture the
          beautiful rebel and she claims she is attracted to my power and
          good looks and will gladly betray her companions if I just let her
          in on my plans.
      57. I will only employ bounty hunters who work for money. Those who
          work for the pleasure of the hunt tend to do dumb things like even
          the odds to give the other guy a sporting chance.
      58. I will not rely entirely upon "totally reliable" spells that can
          be neutralized by relatively inconspicuous talismen.
      59. I will make sure I have a clear understanding of who is
          responsible for what in my organization. For example, if my
          general screws up I will not draw my weapon, point it at him, say
          "And here is the price for failure," then suddenly turn and kill
          some random underling.
      60. If an advisor says to me "My liege, he is but one man. What can
          one man possibly do?", I will reply "This." and kill the advisor.
      61. If I learn that a callow youth has begun a quest to destroy me, I
          will slay him while he is still a callow youth instead of waiting
          for him to mature.
      62. I will treat any beast which I control through magic or technology
          with respect and kindness. Thus if the control is ever broken, it
          will not immediately come after me for revenge.
      63. If I learn the whereabouts of the one artifact which can destroy
          me, I will not send all my troops out to seize it. Instead I will
          send them out to seize something else and quietly put a Want-Ad in
          the local paper.
      64. My main computers will have their own special operating system
          that will be completely incompatable with standard IBM and
          Macintosh powerbooks.
      65. I will make the main entrance to my fortress standard-sized. While
          elaborate 60-foot high double-doors definitely impress the masses,
          they are hard to close quickly in an emergency.
      66. If one of my dungeon guards begins expressing concern over the
          conditions in the beautiful princess' cell, I will immediately
          transfer him to a less people-oriented position.
      67. I will hire a team of board-certified architects and surveyors to
          examine my castle and inform me of any secret passages and
          abandoned tunnels that I might not know about.
      68. If the beautiful princess that I capture says "I'll never marry
          you! Never, do you hear me, NEVER!!!", I will say "Oh well" and
          kill her.
      69. I will not strike a bargain with a demonic being then attempt to
          double-cross it simply because I feel like being contrary.
      70. Finally, to keep my subjects permanently locked in a mindless
          trance, I will provide each of them with free unlimited Internet
          access.


  50 WAYS TO CONFUSE, WORRY, OR JUST SCARE THE BEJEEZUS OUT OF         
                  PEOPLE IN THE COMPUTER LAB  

1.  Log on, wait a sec, then get a frightened look on your face 
    and scream "Oh my God!  They've found me!" and bolt.

2.  Laugh uncontrollably for about 3 minutes & then suddenly stop
    and look suspiciously at everyone who looks at you.

3.  When your computer is turned off, complain to the monitor on
    duty that you can't get the damn thing to work.  After 
    he/she's turned it on, wait 5 minutes, turn it off again, & 
    repeat the process for a good half hour.

4.  Type frantically, often stopping to look at the person next 
    to you evilly.

5.  Before anyone else is in the lab, connect each computer to
    different screen than the one it's set up with.
           
6.  Write a program that plays the "Smurfs" theme song and play 
    it at the highest volume possible over & over again.

7.  Work normally for a while. Suddenly look amazingly startled 
    by something on the screen and crawl underneath the desk.

8.  Ask the person next to you if they know how to tap into
    top-secret Pentagon files.

9.  Use Interactive Send to make passes at people you don't know.

10.  Make a small ritual sacrifice to the computer before you 
     turn it on.

11.  Bring a chainsaw, but don't use it. If anyone asks why you 
     have it, say "Just in case..." mysteriously.

12.  Type on VAX for a while.  Suddenly start cursing for 3 
     minutes at everything bad about your life.  Then stop and 
     continue typing.

13.  Enter the lab, undress, and start staring at other people as
     if they're crazy while typing.

14.  Light candles in a pentagram around your terminal before
     starting.

15.  Ask around for a spare disk.  Offer $2.  Keep asking until
     someone agrees. Then, pull a disk out of your fly and say, 
     "Oops, I forgot."

16.  Every time you press Return and there is processing time
     required, pray "Ohpleaseohpleaseohpleaseohplease," and 
     scream "YES!" when it finishes.

17.  "DISK FIGHT!!!"

18.  Start making out with the person at the terminal next to you    
     (It helps if you know them, but this is also a great way to
     make new friends).

19.  Put a straw in your mouth and put your hands in your 
     pockets.  Type by hitting the keys with the straw.

20.  If you're sitting in a swivel chair, spin around singing 
     "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" whenever there is processing time     
     required. 

21.  Draw a pictue of a woman (or man) on a piece of paper, tape 
     it to your monitor.  Try to seduce it.  Act like it hates 
     you and then complain loudly that women (men) are worthless.

22.  Try to stick a Nintendo cartridge into the 3 1/2 disc   
     drive, when it doesn't work, get the supervisor.

23.  When you are on an IBM, and when you turn it on, ask loudly
     where the smiling Apple face is when you turn on one of 
     those.

24.  Print out the complete works of Shakespeare, then when its 
     all done (two days later) say that all you wanted was one 
     line.

25.  Sit and stare at the screen, biting your nails noisely.  
     After doing this for a while, spit them out at the feet of 
     the person next to you.

26.  Stare at the screen, grind your teeth, stop, look at the 
     person next to grinding.  Repeat procedure, making sure you
     never provoke the person enough to let them blow up, as this
     releases tension, and it is far more effective to let them 
     linger.

27.  If you have long hair, take a typing break, look for split
     ends, cut them and deposit them on your neighbor's keyboard
     as you leave.

28.  Put a large, gold-framed portrait of the British Royal 
     Family on your desk and loudly proclaim that it inspires 
     you.

29.  Come to the lab wearing several layers of socks.  Remove 
     shoes and place them of top of the monitor.  Remove socks 
     layer by layer and drape them around the monitor.  Exclaim 
     sudden haiku about the aesthetic beauty of cotton on 
     plastic.

30.  Take the keyboard and sit under the computer.  Type up your
     paper like this.  Then go to the lab supervisor and complain
     about the bad working conditions. 

31.  Laugh hysterically, shout "You will all perish in flames!!!"
     and continue working.

32.  Bring some dry ice & make it look like your computer is 
     smoking.

33.  Assign a musical note to every key (ie. the Delete key is A
     Flat, the B key is F sharp, etc.).  Whenever you hit a key,
     hum its note loudly. Write an entire paper this way.

34.  Attempt to eat your computer's mouse.

35.  Borrow someone else's keyboard by reaching over, saying 
     "Excuse me, mind if I borrow this for a sec?", unplugging 
     the keyboard & taking it.

36.  Bring in a bunch of magnets and have fun.  

37.  When doing calculations, pull out an abacus and say that
     sometimes the old ways are best.

38.  Play Pong for hours on the most powerful computer in the 
     lab.

39.  Make a loud noise of hitting the same key over and over 
     again until you see that your neighbor is noticing (You can 
     hit the space bar so your fill isn't affected).  Then look 
     at your neighbor's keyboard.  Hit his/her delete key several
     times, erasing an entire word.  While you do this, ask:
     "Does *your* delete key work?"  Shake your head, and resume
     hitting the space bar on your keyboard.  Keep doing this 
     until you've deleted about a page of your neighbor's 
     document.  Then, suddenly exclaim: "Well, whaddya know? I've
     been hitting the space bar this whole time. No wonder it 
     wasn't deleting! Ha!"  Print out your document and leave.

40.  Remove your disk from the drive and hide it.  Go to the lab
     monitor and complain that your computer ate your disk.  (For
     special effects, put some Elmer's Glue on or around the disk
     drive.  Claim that the computer is drooling.)

41.  Stare at the person's next to your's screen, look really
     puzzled, burst out laughing, and say "You did that?" loudly.    
     Keep laughing, grab your stuff and leave, howling as you go.
        
42.  Point at the screen.  Chant in a made up language while 
     making elaborate hand gestures for a minute or two.  Press 
     return or the mouse, then leap back and yell 
     "COVEEEEERRRRRR!"  peek up from under the table, walk back 
     to the computer and say.  "Oh, good.  It worked this time," 
     and calmly start to type again.

43.  Keep looking at invisible bugs and trying to swat them.

44.  See who's online.  Send a total stranger a talk request.  
     Talk to them like you've known them all your lives.  Hangup     
     before they get a chance to figure out you're a total 
     stranger.

45.  Bring an small tape player with a tape of really absurd sound
     effects.  Pretend it's the computer and look really lost.

46.  Pull out a pencil.  Start writing on the screen.  Complain 
     that the lead doesn't work.

47.  Come into the computer lab wearing several endangered 
     species of flowers in your hair.  Smile incessantly.  Type a
     sentence, then laugh happily, exclaim "You're such a
     marvel!!", and kiss the screen.  Repeat this after every
     sentence.  As your ecstasy mounts, also hug the keyboard. 
     Finally, hug your neighbor, then the computer assistant, and
     walk out.

48.  Run into the computer lab, shout "Armageddon is here!!!!!",
     then calmly sit down and begin to type.

49.  Quietly walk into the computer lab with a Black and Decker
     chainsaw, rev that baby up, and then walk up to the nearest
     person and say "Give me that computer or you'll be feeding
     my pet crocodile for the next week".

50.  Two words:  Tesla Coil.

		      + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
			       QUIP SNIPS
			 By William D. Tammeus
			Of The Kansas City Star
		      + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
  A satellite has discovered that a huge distant galaxy gives off mostly heat
instead of light.  Must be folks there are in the midst of a political
campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Fritz Mondale wants a real running mate, our suggestion, from what we saw
on TV recently, would be Larry Bird or Cedric Maxwell of the Boston Celtics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Just to keep the record straight, what is called a heatwave in the Northeast
is called regular old summer in the Midwest.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There are hints of peace moves in the Iran-Iraq war, but both sides still seem
capable of overcoming them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We frankly don't know much about Pelsor, Arkansas, except that our postcard
mail reveals it's hospitable enough to be home to at least one cute spotted
fawn.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new book claims Pope John Paul I was murdered.  Critics denouncing the
conclusion would do well to refrain from calling it papal bull.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Pay phone calls in New York are going up to a quarter.  If you don't mind
waiting a few days for your cab, you can send a letter for a nickel less.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Security was tight in Switzerland for the pope's visit, it's repo{rted.  That's
terrible.  Someone should have sobered them up.  They had dangerous work to do.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sikh soldiers have been deserting the army of India. Why?  No M*A*S*H units?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For Hallmark's acquisition of the Crayolo company, what's an appropriate card
to send, "Hip, Hip, Hue-ray"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As nearly as we can figure it, the handsome young guys in the Father's Day ads
have been dating the lithe young women in the Mother's Day ads.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats now have to write a national party platform that will do two things:
 Be hard hitting and precise and be circumspect and general.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These days there are so many channels of communication that it takes serious
dedication to remain uninformed.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Maybe Fritz Mondale could choose Jimmy Carter as a running mate.  Or has he
given up the idea of revenge?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Hells Angels held an international meeting in Missouri recently.	Events
like this can be unnerving but, like everything else, this runs in cycles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists studying new satellite information think there are as many as 40
close stars around which planets will form.  The future for big developers looks
better each day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Test-tube triplets were born in Texas recently--probably the only state where
|z Mondale is under pressure to select a Southerner or a woman
as a running mate.  Why not both in one?  How about the queen of the New
Orleans' World's Fair?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says he's engaged in "quiet diplomacy" with the Soviets, and we
gather that means more than that he's simply turned the volume down on his
hearing aid.
  A new poll shows most Democrats want a Mondale-Hart ticket.  That should
pretty well snuff out the chances of it happening.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There's also been talk of Fritz Mondale running with Lee Iacocca.  Hmmmmm.
Ethnically, can Democrats geP`eway with two candidates whose last names end in
vowels?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Analysts think a Mondale-Hart ticket is possible.  Makes sense.  It'd give Mr.
Mondale confidence that Mr. Hart would never be heard from again.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Hart and Mondale folks have been talking informally to see if they can
make a deal, it's reported.  The good news so far is they've apparently agreed
to limit nuclear weapons.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No, just because Mr. Mondale says he's begun "broad consultations" with party
leaders about a running mate doesn't mean he'll select a woman.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart won 28 primaries or caucuses, compared with 24 for Fritz Mondale, it
turned out. It reinforces our belief that the Democrats should nominate
Uncommitted.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart is under pressure to give in and support Fritz Mondale.  It would be
a nice gesture, but is there time between now and November to take back
everything he's said?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At the Democratic convention this summer we're likely to see delegate
challenges and floor fights.  This is in addition, of course, to the contest for
goofiest hat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another way to slash the federal deficit would be to fix the{_ calendar so the
year has two April 15s in it.
  Rep. Geraldine Ferraro says she'll allow herself to be nominated as a
Democratic vice presidential candidate.  It's astounding what distasteful things
people will do for their party.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Letter carriers, who normally must keep a wary eye out for nasty dogs, now
also must avoid being set upon by packs of wild youngsters awaiting Michael
Jackson tickets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Los Angeles is sprucing up for the Olympics.	And it won't surprise us to find
a newly installed cleaner variety of smog.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Testifying to a Senate subcommittee, a fundamentalist minister says the IRS is
"a terrorist organization."  That's why our tax man is Yassir Block.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Based just on what we see on the streets, we've concluded that either driver's
education courses are a myth or everyone cuts class.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason the Founding Fathers had more time to read and think is they didn't
have to fill out as many magazine sweepstakes entry forms.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jesse Jackson finally repudiates what Louis Farrakhan has been saying.  If Mr.
Jackson's enemies had done him as much good as his friends have done him harm
he'd be the nominee.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The time to be suspicious of Jesse Jackson's Cuban trip is when the freed
American prisoners show up at the Democratic convention as delegates.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If states don't raise the drinking age to 21 they'll lose federal highway
funds.	Isn't that highway robbery?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Raising the drinking age to 21 but keeping the voting age at 18 means citizens
have just three years in which they legally must be sober to cast a ballot.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Among the harsher measures we've heard of to reduce drunken driving is one
that, on the second offense, would take away your throat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It seems unfair that the Supreme Court has freed college football from the
NCAA's grip on telecasts but has left USFL teams tied to the USFL.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It's hard to understand why--just when we need them for a patriotic Fourth of
July--Kansas wheat farmers cut down all the amber waves of grain.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  When the 13 colonies approved independence, 12 said yes and New York
abstained.  Should it have been worded:  "We hold these truths to be 92.3
percent self-evident"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Only men--56 of them--signed the Declaration of Independence. It's amazing how
well a nation can hold up when begun by Founding Sexists.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  History books say the Declaration of Independence was largely written by
Thomas Jefferson.  From looking at it we'd say it was even more largely written
by John Hancock.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Of the 56 Declaration of Independence signers, 23 were lawyers.  It was one
way to guarantee it would have appeal.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the Founding Fathers weren't so great.  For instance, we find no
evidence any of them could break dance.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We suppose the name goes back to the first person whose hut was burned to the
ground, causing him to point and say, "Look!  Fire works!"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some Declaration of Independence signers had unusual first names, such as
Button, Caesar and Elbridge.  But the guy they sent it to had an odd first name,
too:  King.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Founding Fathers had some things easier.	For instance, on July 4 nights
they never had to protect their homes from nuts with bottle rockets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Geologists say they've found an earthquake fault within 3 miles of Mr.
Reagan's ranch. Just 3 miles?  How does he do it?  Even THAT can't be called
Reagan's Fault.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The man at the next desk, back from vacation, says you can't hold the ocean up
to your ear and hear sea shells.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new national debt ceiling will be $1,573 billion.  Or, put another way,
$1.573 trillion. Or, another way, aaarrrggghhh!!!
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It ought to be easier than it is to govern a 208-year-old country in which
people are willing to pay scalpers' prices for concert tickets that started out
at scalpers' prices.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some Kansas City crime leaders have asked for help from the Chicago mob, it's
reported.  Why aren't we comforted by such private sector initiatives?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new study says kids should start school at age 4.  Think what that could
mean in a few years--high schoolers who are even more immature.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress has approved an increase in the national debt ceiling.  The
surprising thing is there are reporters and editors who still think this is
news.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Senate passed the debt ceiling hike with no debate. Just as well.  It's
already been talked to debt.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the housing price rise means we've been able to get into a high-priced
neighborhood without even moving.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Maybe Fritz Mondale, under increasing pressure to pick a woman running mate,
could satisfy everyone by naming Lee Hart.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Mr. Mondale wants a woman veep who's well known and who has been close to
the center of power he might ask Nancy Reagan.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The current best bet for a woman veep is Rep. Geraldine Ferraro of Queens.
Luckily for her she's not from Kings.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists speculate that comets crash into the earth every 26 million years,
wiping out whole species of animals. Next time we hope they aim at slugs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Acid rain is a big problem in Florida, too, it's reported.  It raises the
question of what good they'll be when they become Neverglades.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Diane Sawyer will join "60 Minutes" this fall or winter. And it won't be long
before CBS may have to rename it "60 Anchors."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The presidential campaign has been draining.	In fact, it will come as no
surprise to learn that Fritz Mondale is looking for a walking mate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sen. Lloyd Bentsen is getting lots of ink as a possible running mate for Fritz
Mondale. He's come a long way.  We remember when he was just an aide to a
governor on a TV show.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Man-made pollution has been deteriorating forests in the eastern U.S. for more
than 20 years, it's reported.  It soon may be impossible to bark up the wrong
tree.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Life certainly was lots simpler before we had all of this technology to make
life simpler.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A Marine general says conventional war with the Soviets is "almost
inevitable." So should we hurry up and start one before one starts itself?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan disagrees that conventional war with the Soviets is nearly
inevitable. What's the bad news?  That a nuclear one is?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If you want the truth, all this controversy about whether there should be
leaded gasoline exhausts us.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Reagan-Bush campaign reports having a surplus of more than $10 million.
Can't we hire the campaign manager as federal budget director?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The most recent figures show Gary Hart's campaign nearly $5 million in debt.
That's the kind of debt you almost have to be an ex-president to afford.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Supreme Court decision on televising college football games is a bit
confusing.  But what do you expect from a team that has just nine members, all
of whom sit on the bench?
  The year is speeding by. Already the baseball All-Star break is here, and
bare~Y"a few weeks beyond that is the Christmas shopping season.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The space shuttle may be progress, but when other airlines cancel flights at
least they try to get you booked on another plane.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our office softball team's recent 16-3 victory caused the coach to set up a
special commission to fi}ind out what went right.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Major League baseball players say artificial turf is hard on their legs.  As a
replacement could stadiums use Nerf?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Tip O'Neill says Fritz Mondale's running mate will be either Gary Hart or a
woman. That narrows it down to just over half the population.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart says he can't wait for the '88 presidential campaign.  Luckily for
him, it'll begin in a few months.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Running your air conditioner a lot now also helps stop spoilage of the last
few of your leftover holiday fruitcakes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The national newspaper we would really like would have a reporting staff of
seers and prophets and be called "USA Tomorrow."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One speaker at this summer's Democratic national convention will be Jimmy
Carter. Apparently no one fears a spontaneous movement to draft him.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're looking forward to hearing Mr. Carter speak to the Democratic
convention, and hope he'll update us on how Amy and Brother Billy are doing.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  European countries are worried about acid rain, too.	Has anyone yet tried
high pH umbrellas?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Immigration officials already are tightening security in Los Angeles for the
Summer Olympics. Too late, however, to keep out most Californians.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The prime rate is now at its highest level since October, 1982.  And is
further proof that the government isn't losing interest in the economy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These disputes between baseball managers and umpires slow down our reading of
the paper too much.  We have to pause to translate all the (bleeps).
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Reading "bleep" quotes in the paper from baseball umpires makes us see more
clearly why they're called the men in blue.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Inspired by a current movie, we're thinking of starting a company that will
rid your house of folks who stay too long after dinner.  The company's name?
What else?  Guestbusters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our second idea for a new company would rid your back yard of especially nasty
kids.  Its name?  Grossbusters.
  Imagine how Gerry Ferraro's mother feels.  She sacrifices to give her daughter
everything, but when the child grows up she gets picked for a job attending
foreign funerals.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We suppose now we should be ready for endless joke reruns that will go
something like: "Who was that lady I saw you with?"  "That was no lady, that was
my vice president."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  How can Geraldine Ferraro help balance the ticket?  Why, we bet Fritz Mondale
outweighs her by 80 pounds.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  To people who say women shouldn't work outside the home, Ms. Ferraro can say,
"I won't be.  I'll be vice president, remember?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rep. Ferraro's husband is John Zaccaro, a real estate developer.  Do we need
anyone in Washington who could turn the White House into a condo?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Geraldine Ferraro's husband no doubt now is preparing for the inevitable
questions about his favorite recipes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "My parents are so in love with each other it is sickening," says Ms.
Ferraro's daughter, Donna.  But can their marriage withstand Mr. Zaccaro having
the only real job in the family?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If nothing else, a Mondale-Ferraro ticket will outsyllable a Reagan-Bush
ticket by two.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rep. Ferraro is a lawyer.  She could get elected by a large majority if only
fellow lawyers voted for her.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Bella Abzug says having Ms. Ferraro on the ticket will be "a whole new step in
American history."  We're still waiting to find out what it was taken in.  A
Naturalizer, maybe?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There are three children in the Ferraro-Zaccaro family: Donna, John and Laura.
 You have to feel good about a country in which kids can aspire to follow in
their mother's footsteps.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The congressional district Gerry Ferraro represents is the one Archie Bunker
supposedly lives in.  We're glad Fritz Mondale didn't pick Edith.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our friend Orly says he figures Mr. Mondale put Ms. Ferraro on the ticket just
to help him skirt more issues.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Aunt Ilse from Oelwein calls to say she hopes everyone in Dallas had fun at
the Jackson concerts and to ask if we know of any plans for a Julliard String
Quartet Victory Tour.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  While watching the All-Star game, did you notice how pervasive the Michael
Jackson look has become?  A whole field full of guys wearing one glove.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Break dancing can cause many injuries, doctors say.  Such as chapped wrists
from handcuffs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Elderly Americans are moving back to cities, experts say. Why not?  It's
relaxing to be near millions of folks who have to go to work when you don't.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Europe has illegal aliens, too, it's reported.  Many folks around the world
are making it hard for their high school reunion committees to find them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  U.S.-Soviet talks on anti-satellite weapons appear likely.  They'll begin as
soon as both sides can find ideas the other side is sure to reject.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  California and Texas may split millions of dollars from the Howard Hughes
estate.  We know the estate is real but have never been sure either of those
states is.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Wouldn't the true philanthropist avoid the middleman by not attending a
Michael Jackson concert, preferring instead to send a donation directly to
charity?
  A seascape painting was sold at auction in London the other day for more than
$10 mi~rllion. Did it include the off-shore oil drilling rights?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new poll shows the public thinks presidential campaigns last too long.  And
polls reminding us of them don't help, either.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some folks in Washington, D.C., are paying up to $20,8 to own a parking
space, it's reported.  The ones there that cost more are called congressional
seats.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, we'd feel attacked by future shock if we discovered that one of our
favorite downtown parking lots had decided to go condo.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Census Bureau reports there ard fewer laundries and dry cleaners in the
U.S. than in the past.	Apparently some of them weren't able to remove red ink
stains.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for some entrepreneur to open a shop that would offer to
clean up yards--a lawndry.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Even Muhammed Ali has denounced Louis Farrakhan.  Is this what is known as
getting on the banned wagon?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is a wonderful time to be alive," Mr. Reagan is telling campaign
audiences.  For one thing, we're in the period between atomic bombs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The wet weather may not have helped gardens much in our neighborhood but it
cert~rainly has brought forth a bumper crop of summer primary political yard
signs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It's almost game time and so far we don't know what has been named Official
Tax Loophole of the 1984 Summer Olympics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  An editorial writer in Illinois has gone to jail for refusing to reveal the
source consulted in an editorial.  Why not just be honest and point to the west
wall?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new national debt ceiling will get the government only through August.
Unless, of course, Uncle Sam wins big in some state lotteries.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Beirut has a new peace plan. We'd tell you what number it is but don't like to
show off.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  So far observers give this session of Congress good marks. It means there's
lots of room for lack of improvement.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "So many vacation spots don't appeal to me that I can't
decide where not to go first."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The national average price of a new single-family home now is more than
$100,000.  Maybe folks saving for a downpayment should be more concerned about
the UPpayment.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the housing price rise means we've been able to get into a high-priced
neighborhood without even moving.
  The Hart and Jackson forces tried to change parts of the platform but failed
to get through a plank that calls Fritz Mondale a nerd.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A political party's platform, by the way, is the document that tells where
delegates stand, besides in the aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jesse Jackson says the main reason for holding the convention is to adopt a
platform.  Then why didn't he leave when that was done?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  More evidence Mr. Jackson doesn't understand the system: He took it as a
put-down when Mr. Mondale didn't consider him for veep.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she wants to debate George Bush.  It'll give both a chance
to get an edge in wordwise.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A poll shows most folks think Mr. Mondale chose Ms. Ferraro because of
pressure from women's groups.  Sounds like a put down of the Italian-American,
Catholic and size 7 shoe lobbies.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Democratic platform runs 35,000 words.  Divided by the number of people
who'll ever read it all, that's about 1,000 words each.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The man at the next desk says he can't attend a party at our house next Friday
night because of a previously scheduled memorial service for his lawn.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "I'm feeling more independent these days.  In the last
week I've found six things Ralph Nader is against that I'm for."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we understand the new rules, we won't have to have automatic seat belts or
air bags installed in our easy chair to be able to watch next month's Republican
convention on TV.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We'll install an air bag in our car, but only if automatic seat belts are
required on all congressional seats.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All cars might have to have air bags or automatic safety harnesses by 1990
under new federal rules.  We still think an easier answer would be to make cars
out of Nerf.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We were surprised that the Democratic convention's start wasn't delayed for
Mondale veep interviews with George Brett, Gary Carter, Dale Murphy, Dwight
Gooden and Fernando Valenzuela.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Canada has set elections for September 4.  Any later and party workers in
northern provinces would have to arrange for free dogsled rides to the polls for
voters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Farrah Fawcett plans a $2,500-a-week health club in Corpus Christi.  Not long
ago that kind of money would have bought Corpus Christi.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Part of Richard Nixon's former Key Biscayne compound is for sale for $4.5
million.  For that, does Bebe Rebozo come with it?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  World population may double by 2050, a new report says.  Does it help to know
we expect to be gone by then?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All-Star baseball game afterthought:	If they were worried about wind in
Candlestick why did they let Howard Cosell talk?
  Gary Hart said if he got nominated he'd also have picked Geraldine Ferraro as
a running mate.  And can we expect Harold Stassen soon to name George Bush?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  From what we could tell, the delegates kissed Fritz Mondale and hoped he'd
change into a decent frog disguise.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This was the 39th Democratic convention.  Which just proves that it used to be
possible to get nominated without Walter Cronkite there to watch.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "It is essential that Ronald Reagan be defeated," Mr. Mondale says.  Not if
taxpayers want to avoid supporting another former president.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "If July brings back Anne Gorsuch Burford," Gov. Mario Cuomo asks, "what can
we expect of December?"  Gee, we were sort of hoping for Santa Claus.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Moscone Hall is said to be the world's largest column-free room.  Which did
not, obviously, mean columnist free.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Attending the Democratic convention were 3,933 delegates and 1,303
alternates-- two or three dozen of whom were in their seats at any one time.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Manatt-Lance turmoil showed that although Mr. Mondale may be indecisive at
least it's in a decisive way.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only groups we didn't see demonstrating in the streets of San Francisco
were the Pro Apathy Party and the Street Cleaners Union.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our kids were disappointed to learn that San Francisco's cable cars aren't
autos equipped with HBO.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Doonesbury" will be back this fall.  And it's unclear whether this country
can handle both a presidential and a Zonker Harris tanning campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Although picking Gerry Ferraro was a bold move for Mr. Mondale, an even bolder
one would have been to pick Jane Wyman.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As they began their convention, the Democrats seemed unified.  At least
everyone seems to have found someone else to dislike.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For some perverse reason, we can't wait to see the first Ferraro bumper
sticker on a Ferrari.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is an exciting choice," Fritz Mondale says of Gerry Ferraro.  Well,
relatively. More exciting than Lloyd Bentsen, but less than Dolly Parton.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In Congress, Rep. Ferraro has been an advocate of noise control measures.  We
hope she'll have some influence in that area in the campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  After she got married, Gerry Ferraro kept her maiden name as a tribute to her
mother.  It's further evidence of how she balances the ticket. Mr. Mondale kept
his to honor his father.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "American history is about doors being opened," says Gerry Ferraro.  And
sometimes about finding skeletons in the closets behind them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Vice president has such a nice ring to it," says Ms. Ferraro.  Further
evidence she's got a lot to learn about how government works.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The DeLorean trial, like the baseball season, is into its second half.  So far
we know of no plans at the trial to hold some kind of All-Star game.
  You knew the Democrats eventually would unite behind a ticket.  After all,
deep disunity is hard to maintain.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Aunt Ilse from Oelwein wonders why no one thinks Mr. Mondale has a chance to
beat Mr. Reagan. "Any country that can choose old," she writes, "can just as
easily choose boring."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "What this ticket is all about is not what America can do for women but what
women can do for America," says Gerry Ferraro. That really sounds quite
Kennedyesque--Jackie.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The big question facing Democrats now is whether Gerry Ferraro's coattails are
long enough to carry Fritz Mondale into office with her.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another unanswered question is whether anyone has ever come back to win the
presidency after, at his nominating convention, New Jersey put him over the top.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  With the convention in San Francisco, Democrats must have been glad their
nominees didn't ride off into the sunset, no matter how well they swim.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The question," George McGovern told delegates, "is where will America be four
years from now?"  Personally, we hope it's still somewhere between Mexico and
Canada.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Promises are cheap," Gary Hart said in his convention speech.  And it was
good to find out SOMETHING is.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats proved they can't be trusted with our future when they stood up at
their convention and cheered at the word "infrastructure."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At the Hart demonstration on the convention floor there were more Yuppies than
at a wine tasting party at a BMW dealership.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The stakes in 1984 couldn't be higher," Senator Hart said, failing, however,
to comment on any of the cheaper cuts or chicken.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The vision from the floor must have been terrible.  Delegates kept shouting
"We want Hart!" when he was right there on the podium.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For a time during the convention, the only certainty was that the Democrats
wouldn't nominate a Simpson-Mazzoli ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A quiet movement to dump Bert Lance developed at the convention.  And we'll be
interested to see if it's possible for Mr. Mondale to reconsider this matter and
make any more firm indecisions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Ted Kennedy Jr. addressed the convention, too.  Is there a law against a
father-son presidential ticket?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For as much labor support as Fritz Mondale has, it has been odd to see
thousands of Democrats in San Francisco off work all week.
	  <<<<***>>>>
"As president," Fritz Mondale says, "I will work for peace from my first day in
office, not from my first day of campaigning for office, not from my first day
of campaigning for re-election." For most presidents they're the same day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This may be a dirty presidential campaign, with Democrats showing old movies
of Mr. Reagan hanging around Bonzo and Republicans showing footage of Mr.
Mondale hanging around Jimmy Carter.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she and Fritz Mondale will prove the experts wrong.  Not
much of a challenge.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Anothe reason the last day of the Democratic convention was an historic day is
that TV reporters set a world record for saying it was an historic day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Barbara Hubbard, an anti-nuclear activist, also was nominated for veep at the
Democratic convention.	But she withdrew, preferring to lose now rather than in
November.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I've put my share of criminals behind bars," Ms. Ferraro said.  Did she
sponsor a program for folks in jail to learn to be bartenders?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "There are no doors we cannot unlock," says Gerry Ferraro. What will this
administration do?  Hire car thieves?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It would have been even more interesting if the platform floor fights had
been, instead, mud wrestling.
  Updated version of the annual song:  "Bare she is, Miss America.  .  .  "
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All this controversy about Miss America posing nude is too bad, but we're at
least glad it wasn't Bert Parks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress is back in session. It must want to give delegates to the upcoming
Republican convention more things to denounce.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One good way to pay disgruntled postal workers but delay the financial crunch
on the Postal Service indefinitely would be to mail their checks.
 }i	    <<<<***>>>>
  The latest Gallup poll shows Mr. Mondale leading Mr. Reagan by 2 percentage
points.  Of course, current standings show the Cubs still in the pennant race,
too.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The syndicated wizards are slow.  None has yet pondered Ferraronomics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale plans to kick off his campaign in the South, it's reported.  To
this ticket, however, the South may mean South Bend.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Economists now are worried about deflation.  Inflation, deflation,
stagflation.  We pine for the good old days of just plain flation.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Israeli election showed one thing:  Analysts who said they weren't sure
what would happen hit it right on the mark.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale says he'd raise taxes if elected and says Mr. Reagan will too.  If
he's going to base this campaign on truth and candor he's got even less chance
than we thought.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats are pinning their presidential hopes on massive voter registration
drives. That, and possibly divine intervention.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We have a new Miss America, though she'll get to serve barely a month.  Uh,
let us rephrase that...
	  <<<<***>>>>
  You'd think the least "Penthouse" magazine could do is donate profits from its
September issue to the Miss America scholarship fund.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our minister, Pastor Deluge, says it would be better if there were at least
equal interest in photos that might be published in "Repenthouse" magazine.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  How long do you suppose it will be before the Miss America pageant asks Bob
Guccione to be a judge?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We admit we looked at the nude photos of Miss America.  In fact, to reach the
proper level of disgust we had to look at them several times.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mexico City, with 16 million people already, is expected to double by the turn
of the century.  In the commodities market this may be the time to get into
tortilla futures.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  ABC may have a bigger Olympic audience than expected.  Fans in the stands may
watch on portable sets instead of trying to see through the smog.
  Mr. Reagan has ended the ban on Soviet fishing in U.S. waters.  But what can
they catch without a fishing nyet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Researchers studying moon rock disagree on whether the moon once was a part of
Earth.	Must be they've found no beer can fossils.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Soviets say they have the first woman to walk in space, Svetlana
Savitskaya.  Apparently they didn't see Gerry Ferraro right after her
nomination.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If we were running for president we'd feel a lot safer, frankly, if our
running mate were Mr. T.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A California man just filed for his 26th divorce.  You couldn't get us to do
that for alimony in the world.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jobs for this year's college graduates are easier to find, it's reported.
Must be a big demand for overqualified people.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says he can't understand why interest rates are so high.  Well, an
old editor of ours always said that when we couldn't understand something we
should look for the part money plays in it.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A 5-year-old Lebanese girl, Re Mi Bendaly, is gaining fame singing anti-war
ballads.  It's what you get when you ask, "Want to make some dough, Re Mi?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Democrats seem slow on the draw.	Though Mr. Re@San has accused them of
demagoguery, they've failed to charge him with republigoguery.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale calls Mr. Reagan's statement that he has no plans for a tax
increase a "fish story."  It looks as if this campaign will be no different from
most others:  carp, carp, carp.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we read current polls, we'd guess we'll either have two presidents come
January or none at all.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Republicans are finding it a delicate job to run against Gerry Ferraro.  It's
hard for them to know whether to be on the offense, defense or simply the fence.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we get it, GOP strategy will be to depict Ms. Ferraro as a candidatette.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At least we're grateful that so far we haven't heard anyone singing the theme
song from "Annie" substituting "Ferraro" for "tomorrow."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Mr. Mondale loses this fall, of course, BOTH parties will face wide-open
primaries in 1988, and maybe you should think about whether you want that on
YOUR conscience.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  George Bush calls Democrats the "party of the far-out liberal Democrats."
Sounds like the kind that requires extra beer and bean dip.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I have no plans for a tax increase," Mr. Reagan says. Like some other things
will it happen without planning?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Rev. Sun Myung Moon, sent to prison, is working a kitchen shift.	So if he
wasn't in a mess before, he is now.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A nativity scene can't be set up in front of the Birmingham, Mich., City Hall
unless it's displayed with other secular symbols, a judge has ruled. Like Santa
in a manger?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There've been many minuses recently for the Miss America pageant but officials
are working to destroy those negatives.  Isn't that what Vanessa Williams should
have done?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she considers herself a fiscal conservative.  Similarly,
Ronald Reagan once considered himself an actor.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Exercise helps prolong life, new studies prove.  But they don't tell you the
disadvantage: You have to spend lots of your extra life exercising.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A state primary election is coming up in our area and we've decided not to
vote for any candidate who knocks on our door or calls while we're watching the
Olympics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Juanita Castro, Fidel's sister, says he's a liar and a traitor.  That's not so
bad.  WE have three sisters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some economists say a growing economy will get rid of federal deficits.  But
will it get rid of economists?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Secretary Regan didn't like the federal rescue of that big Illinois bank, but
finally decided that in this case FDIC meant further debate is crazy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "American women come in all colors," says Gerry Ferraro.  So does their hair,
including some shades not found in nature.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new survey shows girls are less interested than boys in becoming president.
More evidence of innately higher female intelligence.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Researchers say granola, bananas and raisins are high on the list of snacks
that cause tooth decay.  Still, they taste better than fluoridated flossburgers.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says we don't need government on our backs "but on every
citizen's side." These metaphors are getting under foot.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sudan's president has ruled a convicted robber and murderer there is to be
crucified.  The president was upholding another ruling, so he was just
co-Pilate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  China has a growing rabid dog problem, it's reported.  Wow! And think how many
Pekinese there are there.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We've tried to stick by our resolution not to comment on football until it's
football weather.  But by then the pro season would be half over.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I don't look at those kind of pictures," Mr. Reagan says of the 8ptnthouse"
Miss America issue.  Apparently he doesn't consider this a privates sector
intiative.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro expects a "nasty, personal campaign."  Oh, we bet she's just
saying that so we'll pay attention.
  Before this country adopts a balanced budget constitutional amendment it
should find out how much more that would throw the budget out of balance.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for a pro athlete to say the biggest thrill of his career
was the first time an interviewer didn't ask him what his biggest thrill was.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists think a shower of comets could destroy mankind in about 15 million
years.	No help.  That's 14,999,967 years AFTER our mortgage will be paid.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The world would be less contentious if we gave others the same slack in all
matters that we give ourselves in getting through yellow lights.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Ever notice you can't be in the political mainstream without being all wet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If you still have a few holiday fruitcakes hanging around, here's a good
suggestion:  They make great bookends.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In case you're doing some early Christmas shopping and have a member of the
National Rifle Association on your list, here's an idea:  A cartridge in a pear
tree.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another tip for voters as the election approaches:  Don't vote for any
candidate who, when he came to your door to campaign, set off your burglar
alarm.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for the first truly honest political billboard that will
say, in small type:  "Paid for by the special interest groups that own this
candidate."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We look forward to September because of the much prettier color of weeds in
our yard.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The wise college student is thinking now about getting to campus--to get
acclimated, to get organized and to get a parking space.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Solidarity continues to be a problem for the Polish government, and any day
now we expect it to change that old communist rally line to, "Workers of the
world, shut up!" (Editor's note:  Bill is finally back at work after his cross
country sojourn.  We promise he won't take another vacation until, at the
earliest, December.  It's a tough life...)
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Ronald Reagan actually seems to be getting younger," Rep. Jack Kemp told the
GOP convention.  Further evidence of what lots of sleep will do for you.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Americans are such optimists. To clear away national problems they elect
political parties that can't even clear their own convention aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is not the president's platform," says his daughter Maureen.  So, though
he may run on it, he'll probably do so wearing track spikes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason Geraldine Ferraro got in trouble is hat on a disclosure form she
apparently checked the wrong box.  Which reminds us:  Wasn't there once an
Olympic fighter disqualified because he boxed the wrong Czech?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There were lots of "Kemp '88" signs in the GOP convention hall.  At least
we've got four years of warning.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The GOP platform says the U.S. should think about returning to the gold
standard. Why not go all the way and return to the bead and trinket standard?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Republicans approved their most conservative platform since 1964.  Apparently
extremism in the defense of boredom is no vice.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason lots of Republicans won't be running on the GOP platform is that in
a few days most won't even remember where they put their copy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Let's see if we've got this: The GOP right is in the center of what's left of
what the moderates thought was right before many of them left because the center
moved too far right. Right?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our guess is that Geraldine Ferraro will survive politically as long as Bob
Guccione of "Penthouse" magazine doesn't get involved.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Our record is strong on women's issues," says George Bush.  And Aunt Ilse
agrees. She says she can smell it all the way up in Oelwein.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Four more years," GOP delegates shouted while Gerald Ford was speaking to the
convention, but he had the good sense to stop talking after just a few weeks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The "Agnew-for-President" boom seemed pretty low-key in Dallas.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Elizabeth Dole predicts most women will vote for Mr. Reagan. If anyone
remembers her statement after Nov. 6 it may become known as the gender gaffe.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Talk, unlike the Democratic platform, is cheap," Bob Dole told the
convention.  Obviously he hasn't seen OUR phone bill.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Lots of women were in the GOP convention spotlight.  They were the ones
wearing name tags that said, "Hi!  My name isn't Gerry Ferraro."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This GOP convention was concerned with great issues: the future of mankind,
world peace and whether John Zaccaro is a nerd.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Republican platform again fails to support the ERA.  So the GOP can
correctly claim it has treated women equally for two straight elections.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're not sure who was in charge of testing the podium microphones at the
convention but we're pretty sure who didn't have that job.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan's aides say he'll campaign three to five days a week until the
election.  Why are they cutting him back two to four days?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats say Mr. Reagan has a secret plan to raise taxes.  Big deal.  Even if
he does, our system requires him eventually to leak the news to Congress.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Experts say 53 percent of the voters in November will be women.  Not only is
there a gender gap but also, apparently, an apathy gap.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan currently leads Mr. Mondale by 10 to 15 points in the polls.  And
even more in the calendars.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No, GOP doesn't stand for Gipper, Our President.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The median household income for the GOP delegates is $52,700, compared with
$20,000 for the average U.S. family.  So if you take a Republican to lunch, make
him pick up the tab.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan got lots of applause at the convention for the economic recovery.
His economists, meanwhile, will continue trying to figure out what he did right.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Security for the GOP convention was reported to be tight.  That's awful.  We
hope they sobered up before anything serious happened.
  Republicans are confident, but this presidential election looks like a snap
for the Democrats. All they have to do is get the votes of anyone who's ever
messed up on his taxes.
	 4xjbbRSSssss/|
  No doubt it comes from watching the Olympics so much, but after each GOP
speaker we waited for a scoreboard to flash "6.0, 6.5, 7.0, 6.5..."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we read the GOP delegates, there were conservatives, conserveratives and
conservistatives.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The Republican party has never been closer together," says George Bush.  He's
right, judging by the look of the aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Bush strikes us as the sort of Texan that John Connally is a Republican.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Senator Laxalt nominated Mr. Reagan.	Why does his name always sound to us
like a low-sodium diet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Let the Republicans worry about the future of the world. We're just glad to
discover, via our postcard mail, that spotted fawns still have a presence in
Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "We're not a per/+fect party," says Bob Dole.  How can he expect the president
to win with that kind of damaging insider revelation?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Democrats had nominated Jesse Jackson for veep, the GOP speakers would have
been, uh, well.  .  .  give us time and maybe we'll think of some famous black
Republicans.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The GOP has continuity.  In support of the Great Communicator the keynoter was
the Mediocre Communicator.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jeane Kirkpatrick, who spoke to the GOP meeting, is a Democrat.  Mr. Reagan
used to be one, too.  And, though there was no evidence of it at the convention,
Mr. Nixon used to be a Republican.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In 1980, said Jeane Kirkpatrick, Americans elected "a very different
president." Right.  No previous one had ever co-starred with Bonzo.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Ford spoke to the convention but not Mr. Nixon. In his honor, couldn't the
GOP at least have arranged for 18-and-a-half minutes of silence?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One conclusion to be drawn from the Ferraro-Zaccaro tax return is that they're
definitely Democrats.  They pay too much in taxes to be Republicans.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I'm sure he's a wonderful fellow," Barbara Bush says of Mr. Zaccaro.  That
should end the controversy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Fifty million Americans said no to Walter Mondale four years ago," Senator
Baker told the GOP convention.	That's just political hype.  It was only
49,618,685.
  Mr. Mondale describes the GOP platform as "kook right."  If that's true, it'll
never sell to the majority of Americans, who seem closer to kook center.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some experts say that to win Mr. Mondale needs a huge voter turnout of nearly
100 million people.  Maybe if he wore just one glove and promised to break dance
at the inaugural ball...
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Mondale campaign says tax changes proposed in the GOP platform would
nearly double the federal deficit.  See?  It's not true that nobody read the
darn thing.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If he's re-elected and serves a full second term, Mr. Reagan will be almost 78
when he leaves office.	By Kremlin standards that's barely middle age.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One thing's sure about the upcoming vice presidential candidates' debates:
Unlike Mr. Nixon in 1960, Gerry Ferraro won't lose votes because she has 5
o'clock shadow.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Populist Party has named Bob Richards, an Olympic pole vaulter in the
1950s, as its presidential candidate.  So don't get too excited if you hear he's
leading in the poles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're looking forward to the presidential candidates' debates.  It'll be
interesting to see which TV shows get higher ratings instead.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No matter how hard we looked on vacation, we couldn't find any states in which
it's legal to tie kids on the luggage rack and keep suitcases in the back seat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're glad in this Ferraro financial trouble no one redid Mr. Truman's old
line and said, "If you can't stand the heat go back to the kitchen."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All the U-Haul trucks on the road on our vacation made us glad that when we
fly we don't see many U-Fly planes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Who said the GOP convention had no surprises?  When Roger Staubach introduced
Nancy Reagan he didn't ask her how she spells relief.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I'm a conservative," says George Bush, "but I'm not a nut about it."
Unfortunately, that is also the way lots of Americans feel about being voters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There's talk of Senator Kassebaum running for vice president in 1988.  That's
awful, but just proves again there's always someone wanting to hurt your career.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Abe Lincoln was the first Republican president.  Of course, back then Mr.
Reagan wasn't yet old enough to run.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These political conventions haven't been bad as summer television replacement
shows but they'll never make it against a new season of "Hill Street Blues" or
"Cheers."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The final GOP convention nominating vote was closer than we expected:  2,233
for Ronald Reagan, 0 for Harold Stassen.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  An Illinois and a Pennsylvania delegate refused to vote to nominate the
Reagan-Bush ticket. And party leaders apparently had no abstain remover.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  What is 133 years old and still running hard?  The Reagan-Bush ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In nominating Mr. Reagan, Senator Laxalt said Grenada now is a "loyal and
trusted ally." And it better stay that way or we'll whip up on it again.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These political conventions make us realize what a lucky country this is.  For
one thing, we never had to choose between Barry Goldwater and George McGovern in
the same race.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Senator Tower, introducing Mr. Goldwater at the convention, described how "he
galvanized a generation of young people into action."  Right, but most of them
worked against the Goldwater-Miller ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Every war in this century began and was fought under a Democrat
administration," Mr. Goldwater says.  Luckily, however, a few Republican
soldiers agreed to fight.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Watching`}9Ush sit next to Mr. Reagan at the convention raised the
disturbing question of whether we really want a veep whose leg shows between the
top of his sock and the cuff of his pants.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  GOP delegates booed Tip O'Neill roundly, which, for him, is at least the right
shape.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Ferraro-Mondale ticket has the Reagan-Bush team beat 5-3, though so far
we're talking only about syllables.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Missouri delegation's 47 votes put the Reagan-Bush nomination over the top
at the convention.  Well, it was a nasty job but someone had to do it.
  The space shutt{{le Discovery weighs 132 tons.  So, in addition to going round
and round in circles, it has another similarity to the two major political
parties' platforms.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The economy is slowing down, statistics show.  No wonder. It's after Labor Day
and only a few stores are decorated for Christmas.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new study says teacher-education programs need to be improved.  For
instance, can't they be trained to attract better quality students?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Hospitals are advertising more.  But we're still waiting for one to offer a
cheap weekend get-away rate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "We need some morality in our foreign policy," says Rosalynn Carter.  Maybe,
but why be different from every other country?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our guess on why hospitals are advertising more:  They figure we'll see so
much of it that it'll make us sick.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Judith Resnik, a shuttle crew member, is a classical pianist and enjoys
bicycling.  If Discovery ever has to be pedaled home, the crew is in luck.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Postal Service wants to raise the cost of a stamp to 23 cents.  Are we
heading for a time when muggers say, "Your life or your stamps"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Before long we won't need stamps.  We'll be able just to paste a dollar in the
corner of each envelope.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says voters face a "stark choice" in November. Right.  Stay home
and be apathetic or go to the polls and be reluctant.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  John Paul II will visit Canada this month.  Why not have a pro hockey goalie
from there accompany him?  Think what a draw it would be to have the pope and
the goalie host.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The average Chinese dwelling, it's reported, contains just 50 square meters of
floorspace for five or more people.  Sounds like an effective means of birth
control.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Now that Jesse Jackson has endorsed Mr. Mondale, can we expect a press
conference to announce that Gerry Ferraro has decided to do the same?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "Having a teacher in space isn't such a novel idea.  In
college, for instance, there was my philosophy professor."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Each new problem that delays space shuttle launches at least helps cut the
number of "citizen passengers" interested in accompanying the crew on future
missions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Apparently Mr. Reagan figures if he can't get the Lord back in classrooms
he'll at least get a teacher up there closer to Him.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Watching a teacher in space won't be bad.  But we dread the dozens of
inevitable commission reports about it that will follow.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Those who can...do;  those who can't...ride space shuttles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The nation's prison population has reached a record 454,136, it's reported.
So far we're still among the outmates.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Iran-Iraq war now has turned in favor of Iraq, analysts say.  See?  We
told you not to invest in Iranian war bonds.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only good news in the polls so far for the Ferraro-Mondale ticket is it
seems to be runni~ng reasonably well against Undecided.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  On a human body temperature scale, our pennant fever for our team is running
at 98.7.  And holding.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Frankly, we're going to miss Howard Cosell on "Monday Night Football."  But
that's nothing new.  We usually tried to miss him when he was on it, too.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A sixth s{_traight poor Soviet grain harvest is predicted for this year.  Looks
like they've pretty well figured out how to do that.  Wonder what they'll try
next.
  It's exciting to be in an election year, knowing we're living through the very
history future generations won't remember.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  John Anderson has endorsed Mr. Mondale.  Apparently his new National Unity
Party couldn't find any of its own members willing to lose.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan wants NASA to choose a teacher as the first "citizen passenger" in
space. If it's a one-way trip, our kids have some suggestions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Explorers in Turkey think they've found Noah's Ark on Mount Ararat.  Know how
they did it?  Just followed their noses.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Chicago Cubs' magic number now is under 30, which, not coincidentally,
also is pretty close to the current temperature in Hell.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Forget baseball, says the little boy next door.  What's Christmas' magic
number?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Soviets say they're testing their own new cruise missiles.  There's one
comfort: They're not testing ours.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jim Brady, White House press secretary, says the only way Mr. Reagan can lose
is if "it comes out that he's a transvestite."  Well, he might get by with that
but not with being a liberal.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Looking back, we'd say our disappointment with the Olympics is that there was
no yodeling competition.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Nixon has decided not to move to New York City. Apparently he, too, feels
he's been punished enough.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Canada just held its elections.  In a bilingual country like that many voters
have to understand both English and French before they may be fully misinformed.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says there's a "new patriotism" in the country. Yeah, it's hard not
to be proud of a country $1.5 trillion in debt and still on its feet.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The next space shuttle trip will have a crew of seven. Leave it to mankind to
prove it's possible to be crowded even out in space.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At least that Chicago man who won $40 million in the state lottery has his
prioriti}ies straight:	One of his first purchases was Cubs' tickets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Investigative reporters have been slipshod about John Zaccaro.  They've probed
his finances but so far haven't turned up his favorite recipe.
	  <<<<***>>>>
 3W How can we vote intelligently this fall when so far we've seen no thorough
explanation of Ferraronomics?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Politicians may be smarter than you think.  Notice that they kiss babies but
don't hang around long enough for the babies to do anything back.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new prime minister of Canada will be Brian Mulroney. Knowing that may not
make you a better person but what can it hurt?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress is back in session. Apparently there are a few knots left to turn
into loose ends before the election.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The British coal strike now is more than six months old.  But so far as we
know supplies haven't gotten so low that they're down to the monotuminous
variety.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Reports from the first days of school indicate some new additions to our kids'
classes: Four boys, three girls, two Jerks, nine nerds and a couple of real
hunks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The number of small farms in the U.S. is rising.  Good. We're trying to eat
smaller portions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One of the new fall TV shows features a 300 mph motorcycle. We figure it's
used either by a crime fighter or a presidential candidate, and we're afraid to
ask.
  Syndicated wizards work harder in election years, having to be ready with one
story on why something was inevitable and a second on how any fool should have
seen an upset coming.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only thing sure about the baseball season:  It'll end too soon--weeks
before the presidential campaign is over.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A group thinks Michael Jackson is the Messiah returned.  This time, obviously,
He's upped His ticket prices.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Israel is having trouble forming a new government.  The trouble here, by
contrast, is reforming the old one.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro is proving a more exciting campaigner than Fritz Mondale.  To
have avoided that, Mr. Mondale would have had to run with, uh, Mr. Mondale.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Frank Sinatra says he's been insulted and no longer will perform in New
Jersey.  We're making a list of performers we'd like our governor to insult.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists say a big earthquake, centered in Southeast Missouri, is sure to
come some day.	Don't look at us.  It's not our fault.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No matter who wins the other division it would be hard to argue against giving
Detroit a bye to the World Series.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Most congressional incumbents will win re-election, experts say.  It'll save
having to learn to dislike someone new.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This president has never seen an arms control agreement he likes," Gerry
Ferraro says.  Is that what Mr. Reagan means by his "safety nyet?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We'll believe the Ferraro-Mondale ticket is really confident about winning
the election when we hear it has hired a band for the inaugural ball.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale says any new taxes in his administration will go toward reducing
the budget deficit.  Good idea.  Borrow from Peter to pay Peter.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale and Mr. Reagan have agreed to at least one debate.  So far,
however, there's no word on whether any voters have agreed to listen.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats want to raise national voter turnout from the 85 million of 1980 to
more than 100 million this year.  Isn't it un-American to attack apathy?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It seemed odd to read that this is only the 50th presidential campaign in U.S.
history.  It seems as if we've lived through 150 since the '40s.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, you've got to feel good about a country in which the official starts of
its presidential campaign and its Christmas shopping season coincide.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Call me an optimist," says Mr. Reagan.  Won't that risk losing him votes in
Rotary and Kiwanis?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Police aren't sure why there's been a big increase in car theft in our city.
Well, for one thing, it's harder to fence a bus.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Vietnam Memorial has become the second most popular tourist attraction in
Washington.  Behind what?  The national debt?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Interest on the debt is the fastest-growing federal budget item, it's
reported.  And we've even noticed a growth in interest IN that debt.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If the military were in as bad shape as some folks say, wouldn't the Army by
now have declared tankruptcy?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro is attacking Mr. Reagan on the war-and-peace issue.  Isn't it
risky to argue with a guy who can order your campaign headquarters bazookaed?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Penthouse" plans to publish a new set of nude pictures of Vanessa Williams in
January. Sounds like a double exposure.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rumors say Konstantin Chernenko is ill.  For his sake, let's hope it's nothing
fatal like a common cold.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It was obvious that Mr. Reagan and Mr. Bush used the same writer for their
acceptance speeches.  The first 150 or so words of each talk were the same:
"Thank you, thank you very much, thank you, thank you..."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan listed few goals for the future in his GOP convention speech.
Maybe the good news is he doesn't have many.
Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

MICROSOFT SHOULD MAKE CARS, GENERAL MOTORS SHOULD MAKE SOFTWARE.

At a recent computer expo, Bill Gates reportedly compared the
computer industry with the auto industry and stated:

"If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we
would all be driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 miles to
the gallon."

In response to Bill's comments General Motors issued a press release
stating the following: "If GM had developed technology like
Microsoft, we would be driving cars with the following
characteristics:

1.  For no reason whatsoever, your car would crash twice a day.

2.  Every time they repainted the lines on the road, you would have
    to buy a new car.

3.  Occasionally, your car would die on the freeway for no reason,
    and you would accept this, restart, and drive on.

4.  Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would
    cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart; in which case
    you would have to reinstall the engine.

5.  Only one person at a time could use the car, unless you bought
    'Car95' or 'CarNT'. Then you would have to buy more seats.

6.  Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was more
    reliable, five times as fast, and twice as easy to drive, but
    would only run on five percent of the roads.

7.  The oil, water, temperature and alternator warning lights would
    be replaced by a single 'general car fault' warning light.

8.  New seats would force everyone to have the same butt size.

9.  The airbag system would say 'Are you sure?'  before going off.

10. Occasionally, for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock you
    out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the
    door handle, turned the key and grabbed hold of the radio
    antenna.

11. GM would require all car buyers to also purchase a deluxe set of
    Rand McNally road maps (now a GM subsidiary), even though they
    neither need them nor want them. Attempting to delete this option
    would immediately cause the car's performance to diminish by 50
    per cent or more.

12. Every time GM introduced a new model, car buyers would have to
    learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls
    would operate in the same manner as the old car.

13. You'd press the 'Start' button to shut off the engine."

The Customer Is Always Right
----------------------------

A crusty old man walks into a bank and says to the
woman at the teller window "I want to open a damn
checking account". The astonished woman replies, "I
beg your pardon, sir. I must have misunderstood you.
What did you say?"

"Listen up, damnit. I said I want to open a damn
checking account now!"

"I'm very sorry sir, but that kind of language is not
tolerated in this bank." The teller leaves the window
and goes over to the bank manager to inform him of her
situation. The manager agrees that the teller does not
have to listen to that foul language. They both return
to the window and the manager asks the old geezer,

"Sir, what seems to be the problem here?"

"There is no damn problem", the man says. "I just won
50 million bucks in the damn lottery and I want to
open a damn checking account in this damn bank, okay?"

"I see", says the manager, "and is this bitch giving 
you a hard time?

The age gap and Dad's knowledge

At  4: Dad knows everything.
At  7: Dad knows a lot.
At  8: Dad does not know everything.
At 12: Well, Dad won't know anyway.
At 14: Dad is hopelessly old-fashioned.
At 21: Oh heck, the man's time has long passed, how would he know!
At 25: Dad knows something, but not very much.
At 30: I'll just hear what Dad has to say anyway.
At 35: Let's wait a while and hear what Dad's opinion is.
At 50: I wonder what dad would have said.
At 60: Dad, in actual fact, knew everything.
At 65: I wish I could have discussed it with Dad.

The Dark Sucker Theory

For years, it has been believed that electric light bulbs emit light,
but recent information has proven otherwise. Electric bulbs DO NOT
emit light. They suck dark. Thus we call these bulbs Dark Suckers.
The Dark Sucker theory and the existence of the Dark Suckers prove
that dark has mass and is heavier than light.

First, the basis of the Dark Sucker theory is that electric light
bulbs suck dark. For example, take the Dark Sucker in the room that
you are in. There is much less dark right next to it than there is
elsewhere. The larger the Dark Sucker, the greater its capacity to
suck dark. Dark Suckers in the  parking lot have a much greater
capacity to suck dark than the ones in your room. As with all things,
Dark Suckers don't last forever. Once they are full of dark, they can
no longer suck. This is proved by the black spot on a full Dark
Sucker. A candle is a primitive Dark Sucker. A new candle has a white
wick. After the first use, you can see that the wick turns black,
showing all the dark that has been sucked into it. If you place an
object next to the wick of an operating candle, it will turn black.
This is because it got in the way of the dark flowing into the
candle. One of the disadvantages of the these primitive Dark Suckers
is their limited range. There are also portable Dark Suckers. In
these, the bulbs cannot handle all of the dark by themselves and must
be aided by Dark Storage Units. When a Dark Storage Unit is full of
dark, it must be either emptied or replaced before the portable Dark
Sucker can operate again.

Dark has mass. When it goes into a Dark Sucker, friction from the
moving mass generates heat. Thus it is not wise to touch an operating
Dark Sucker.

Candles present a special problem, as the mass must travel into a thin
solid wick instead of through clear glass. This generates a great amount
of heat and is therefore even less smart to touch an operating candle.
Also, dark is heavier than light. If you were to slowly swim just below
the surface of a lake, you would see a lot of light. As you swim deeper
and deeper, it gets darker and darker. When you get real deep, you will
be in total darkness. This is because the heavier dark sinks to the
bottom of the lake and the lighter light floats to the top. This is why
it is called light.

Finally, we must prove that dark is faster than light. If you were to
stand  in a well lit room in front of a closed closet full of dark and
slowly open the door, you will see the light slowly enter the closet.
But since dark is  so fast, you will not be able to see the dark leave
the closet.

So next time you see an electric bulb, remember, it is a DARK SUCKER!!

International 1999 Darwin Awards

One of the long awaited moments of each New Year is the awarding of
the Darwin Award.  This prestigious award recognises those people, who
through stupid and inane actions kill themselves, thus improving society
by removing their genes from the genepool.  So here are the runners-up
for this year's award.

(15 July 1999, Alabama) A 25-year-old soldier died of injuries
sustained from a 3-story fall, precipitated by his attempt to spit
farther than his buddy.  His plan was to hurl himself towards a metal
guard-rail while expectorating, in order to add momentum to his saliva.
In a tragic miscalculation, his momentum carried him right over the
railing, which he caught hold of for a few moments before his grip
slipped, sending him plummeting 24 feet to the cement below. The
military specialist had a blood alcohol content of 0.14%, impairing his
judgement and paving the way for his opportunity to win a Darwin Award.

(11 August 1999) A 42-year-old man killed himself watching the eclipse
while driving near Kaiserslautern, Germany. A witness driving behind him
stated that the man was weaving back and forth as he concentrated on the
partially occluded sun, when he suddenly accelerated and hit the bridge
pier.  He had apparently just donned his solar viewers, which are dark
enough to totally obscure everything except the sun.

(25 May 1999, Ukraine) A fisherman in Kiev electrocuted himself while
fishing in the river Tereblya. The 43-year-old man connected cables to
the main power supply of his home, and trailed the end into the river.
The electric shock killed the fish, which floated belly-up to the top of
the water. The man waded in to collect his catch, neglecting to remove
the live wire, and tragically suffered the same fate as the fish. In an
ironic twist, the man was fishing for a mourning meal to commemorate the
first anniversary of his mother-in-law's death.

(16 August 1999, Germany) A hunter from Bad Urach was shot dead by his
own dog on Monday.  The 51-year-old man was found sprawled next to his
car in the Black Forest.  A gun barrel was pointing out the window, and
his bereaved dog was howling inside the car. The animal is presumed to
have pressed the trigger with its paw. Police have ruled out foul play.

(1991, Nicosia, Cypress) Under similar circumstances, an Iranian hunter
was shot to death near Tehran by a snake that coiled around his shotgun
as he pinned the reptile to the ground. Another hunter reported that
the victim, named Ali, tried to catch the snake alive by pressing the
butt of his shotgun behind its head. The snake coiled around the butt
and pulled the trigger, shooting Ali in the head.

(August 1999, Australia) Drinking oneself to death need not be a long,
lingering process.  Allan, a 33-year-old computer technician, showed
his competitive spirit by dying of competitive spirits. A Sydney,
Australia hotel bar held a drinking competition, known as Feral Friday,
with a 100-minute time limit and a sliding point scale ranging from 1
point for beer to 8 points for hard liquor. Allan stood and cheered his
winning total of 236; (winners never quit!) which had also netted him
the literally staggering blood alcohol level of 0.353, 7 times greater
than Australia's legal driving limit of 0.05%. After several trips to
the usual temple of over-indulgence, the bathroom, Allan was helped
back to his work place to sleep it off, a condition that became
permanent.  A forensic pharmacologist estimated that after downing 34
beers, 4 bourbons, and 17 shots of tequila within 1 hour and 40
minutes, his blood alcohol level would have been 0.41 to 0.43, but
Allan had vomited several times after the drinking stopped.  The cost
paid by Allan was much higher than that of the hotel, which was fined
the equivalent of $13,100 US dollars for not intervening. It is not
known whether Allan required any further embalming.

(28 January 1999, London) A flock of sheep charged a well-meaning
British farmer's wife and pushed her over a cliff to her death. Betty
Stobbs, 67,was charged by dozens of sheep as she brought them a bale of
hay on the back of a power bike.  The sheep rushed forward and rammed
the vehicle, knocking Betty and her bike over the edge of a vacant 100'
quarry near Durham, in northern England. "I saw the sheep surround the
bike. The next thing she was tumbling down the incline", neighbour Alan
Renfry told reporters.

First Runner Up Award goes to ....

(22 March 1999, Phnom Penh) Decades of armed strife has littered
Cambodia with unexploded munitions and ordnance.  Authorities warn
citizens not to tamper with the devices. Three friends recently spent
an evening sharing drinks and exchanging insults at a local cafe in the
south-eastern province of Svay Rieng.  Their companionable arguing
continued for hours, until one man pulled out a 25-year-old unexploded
anti-tank mine found in his backyard. He tossed it under the table, and
the three men began playing Russian roulette, each tossing down a drink
and then stamping on the mine.  The other villagers fled in terror. 
Minutes later, the explosive detonated with a tremendous boom, killing
the three men in the bar. "Their wives could not even find their flesh
because the blast destroyed everything", the Rasmei Kampuchea newspaper
reported.

And the 1999 Darwin Award winner is....

(5 September 1999, Jerusalem) The switch away from daylight savings
time caused consternation among terrorist groups this year. At
precisely 5:30 Israel time on Sunday, two co-ordinated car bombs
exploded in different cities, killing the three terrorists who were
transporting the bombs. It was initially believed that the devices had
been detonated prematurely by klutzy amateurs. A closer look revealed
the truth behind the untimely explosions. Three days before, Israel had
made a premature switch from daylight savings time to standard time in
order to accommodate a week of Slihot, involving pre-sunrise prayers.
Palestinians refused to "live on Zionist time".  Two weeks of
scheduling havoc ensued.  The bombs had been prepared in a
Palestine-controlled area, and set on Daylight Savings time. The
confused drivers had already switched to standard time. As a result,
the cars were still en-route when the explosives detonated, delivering
to the terrorists their well-deserved demise.

Finally, something other than smiley faces....   :)

  (o)(o)          perfect breasts

  ( + )( + )      fake silicone breasts

  (*)(*)          high nipple breasts

  (@)(@)          big nipple breasts

  oo              a cups

  { O }{ O }      d cups

  (oYo)           wonder bra breasts

  ( ^ )( ^ )      cold breasts (or happy to see me;)

  (o)(O)          lopsided breasts

  (Q)(O)          pierced breasts

  (p)(p)          hanging tassels breasts

  (:o)(o)         bitten by a vampire breasts

  \o/\o/          Grandma's breasts

  (  -  )(  -  )  flat against the shower door breasts

  < o < o         electric shock breasts

  |o||o|          android breasts

  (/)(o)          scratched breasts

  (%)(o)          extra nipple breasts (like Chandler)

  ($)($)          Jenny McCarthy's breasts

  (^o)(o)         zit on your breast

  (  o  Y  o  )   poses for BIG-UNS magazine breasts


And God created woman and she had 3 breasts. He then asked the
woman, "Is there anything you'd like to have changed?"

She replied, "Yes, could you get rid of this middle breast?"

And so it was done, and it was good.

Then the woman exclaimed as she was holding that third breast in
her hand, "What can be done with this useless boob?"

And God created man.

>From the Saturday Night Live genius:
===================================
        If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let'em
go, because, man, they're gone.

        If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them
own? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason."

        To me, it's a good idea to always carry two sacks of something
when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a
hand?" You can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."

        One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old
burned-out warehouse. "Oh no," I said, "Disneyland burned down." He cried
and cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good
joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting
pretty late.

        The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of
the face.

        If you lived in the Dark Ages and you were a catapult operator, I
bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it
shoot farther?" "No, I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots."

        Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful
flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying
a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful
painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk.

        I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our
children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex.

        If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell
him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute
thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."

        If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the
mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.

        Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my
first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant and
she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.

        To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no
choreography and the dancers hit each other.

        I hope if dogs ever take over the world and they choose a king,
they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with
some good ideas.

        If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons
(maybe by shoving them down his throat).

        Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call
them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what,
can't we all be brothers?
>From the Saturday Night Live genius
===================================
        Probably the earliest fly swatters were nothing more than some
sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.

        I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed
out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I
was thinking about doing that anyway.

        I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate
revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him
real quick and hand it to him.

        Maybe in order to understand mankind we have to look at that word
itself. MANKIND. Basically, it's made up of two separate words "mank" and
"ind." What do these words mean? It's a mystery and that's why so is mankind.

        If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else
flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.

        It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And
I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there,
rocking back and forth, wanting that money.

        If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a
beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.

        To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've
wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went
to the circus and a clown killed my dad.

        As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red
again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch
of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way.

        I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without
hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never
expect it.

        I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its
eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea
but it's just eggs hatching.

        Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right
there, in the room talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good
books.

        What is it about a beautiful sunny afternoon, with the birds
singing and the wind rustling through the leaves, that makes you want to
get drunk? And after you're real drunk, maybe go down to the public park
and stagger around and ask people for money, and then lay down and go to
sleep.

        Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks
out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like
a regular window.

        During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was
not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner."

        If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people,
like I am now.

        When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was
call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and
started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns.

        I remember how my great-uncle Jerry would sit on the porch and
whittle all day long. Once he whittled me a toy boat out of a larger toy
boat I had. It was almost as good as the first one, except now it had
bumpy whittle marks all over it. And no paint, because he had whittled
off the paint.

        Here's a good thing to do if you go to a party and you don't know
anybody: First take out the garbage. Then go around and collect any extra
garbage that people might have, like a crumpled napkin, and take that out
too. Pretty soon people will want to meet the busy garbage guy.
         \\//
~~~~o00o~(,,)~o00o~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          ()         DISTRIBUTED BY:  "THE INTERNET FUNNYBONE"
         \__/
    
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
   Sorry I was away on the Memorial Day Holiday.  You shouldn't
have been checking your e-mail anyway if you were looking for me.
 Here's another oldie, it's a follow-up to a file a sent a long
time ago.  You may recognize some, there IS some overlap. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                  * MORE DEEP THOUGHTS * 

                      BY JACK HANDY

If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of
the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something.

When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future,
don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a
fossil.

It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at
that man.

At first I thought, if I were Superman, a perfect secret identity
would be "Clark Kent, Dentist," because you could save money on
tooth X-rays. But then I thought, if a patient said, "How's my
back tooth?" and you just looked at it with your X-ray vision and
said, "Oh it's okay," then the patient would probably say,
"Aren't you going to take an X-ray, stupid?" and you'd say, "Aw
fuck you, get outta here," and then he probably wouldn't even pay
his bill.

One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him
to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no," I said. "Disneyland
burned down." He cried and cried, but I think that deep down, he
thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the
real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late.

A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite.
Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone.
"Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."

Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better
treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that
rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of
free games.

I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a
high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by
meteorites and not even feel it.

If I lived back in the wild west days, instead of carrying a
six-gun in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron. That way, if
some smart-aleck cowboy said something like "Hey, look. He's
carrying a soldering iron!" and started laughing, and everybody
else started laughing, I could just say, "That's right, it's a
soldering iron. The soldering iron of justice." Then everybody
would get real quiet and ashamed, because they had made fun of
the soldering iron of justice, and I could probably hit them up
for a free drink.

I bet when the neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone
would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy
brows." Then they would all get embarrassed because they
remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad
and eat the snowman.

Fear can sometimes be a useful emotion. For instance, let's say
you're an astronaught on the moon and you fear that your partner
has been turned into Dracula. The next time he goes out for the
moon pieces, wham!, you just slam the door behind him and blast
off. He might call you on the radio and say he's not Dracula, but
you just say, "Think again, bat man."

Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the
earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.

The people in the village were real poor, so none of the
children had any toys. But this one little boy had gotten an old
enema bag and filled it with rocks, and he would go around and
whap the other children across the face with it. Man, I think my
heart almost broke. Later the boy came up and offered to give me
the toy. This was too much! I reached out my hand, but then he
ran away. I chased him down and took the enema bag. He cried a
little, but that's the way of these people.

I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both
Dracula AND Superman away.

I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more
planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.

Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess
is why several of us died of tuberculosis.

Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word
itself: "Mankind". Basically, it's made up of two separate words
- "mank" and "ind". What do these words mean ? It's a mystery, and
that's why so is mankind.

I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king,
they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some
Chihuahuas with some good ideas.

I guess we were all guilty, in a way. We all shot him, we all
skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that
said, "I helped skin Bob."

I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane
crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the
crash stuff, then, when somebody comes up, act like they just
woke up and go, "What was THAT?!"

The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of
the face.

Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap
can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only
has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen
and it could be like ambition.

I'd rather be rich than stupid.

If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of
conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I
don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So
sue me."

If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of
danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes,
Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward.

I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in
every culture, is the story of Popeye.

When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask
is if they ever press charges.

To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no
choreography, and the dancers hit each other.

What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river
to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.

We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't
scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys
me.

Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some
sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.

I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the
luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in
his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call
hospitality.

To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've
wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time
I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.

As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it
that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a
nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!

Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have
been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood
screws, can make a child look like a deer.

If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them
down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good
reason.

Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks
his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up.

You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown
who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has
severe diarrhea.

Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick
to calm myself down. I'll go over to the persons house and ring
the doorbell. When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but
you know what I've left on the porch? A jack-o-lantern with a
knife stuck in the side of it's head with a note that says "You."
After that I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done.

If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and
then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off
right away.

If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing
is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You
see, we build to that.

If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because
maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you
because, hey, free dummy.

I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high
notes, I bet you can really see it in those genitals.

Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto
someones neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I
have to laugh, because what is that thing.

He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land. He loved it so
much he made a woman out of dirt and married her. But when he
kissed her, she disintegrated. Later, at the funeral, when the
preacher said, "Dust to dust," some people laughed, and the
cowboy shot them. At his hanging, he told the others, "I'll be
waiting for you in heaven--with a gun."

The memories of my family outings are still a source of strength
to me. I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind
it was - and drive and drive. I'm not sure where we'd go, but I
think there were some trees there. The smell of something was
strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played. I
remember a bigger, older guy we called "Dad." We'd eat some
stuff, or not, and then I think we went home. I guess some things
never leave you.

If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to
tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying,
another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something
you did."

Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in
the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's
a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating
everything they see.

As we were driving, we saw a sign that said "Watch for Rocks."
Marta said it should read "Watch for Pretty Rocks." I told her
she should write in her suggestion to the highway department, but
she started saying it was a joke - just to get out of writing a
simple letter! And I thought I was lazy!

One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my little nephew to DisneyLand, but instead I drove him
to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no," I said, "DisneyLand
burned down." He cried and cried, but I think that deep down he
thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the
real DisneyLand, but it was getting pretty late.

If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you
think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you?
You'd be wrong, though. It's Hambone.

Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me,
that's what her dinner tasted like.

We used to laugh at Grandpa when he'd head off and go fishing.
But we wouldn't be laughing that evening when he'd come back with
some whore he picked up in town.

I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he
came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too
bad.

As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint
gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how
gray he was, and how I named him Flint.

If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet
it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.

Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my
first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what is I was an
ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.

If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
to pretend you were swimming.

When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After
school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he
would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that
Uncle Caveman was a bear.

Children need encouragement. If a kid gets an answer right, tell
him it was a lucky guess. That way he develops a good, lucky
feeling.

The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw.

When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular
heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but
if it's not, mmmmmmm, boy.

Whether they find a life there or not, I think Jupiter should be
called an enemy planet.

Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of
destruction, we should be thinking about getting more use out of
the ones we already have.

I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate
revolver. and since he is so busy, you'd probably have to run up
to him real quick and give it to him.

Just because swans mate for life, I don't think its that big a
deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going
to find a swan that looks much better than the one you've got, so
why not mate for life?

If you're robbing a bank and you're pants fall down, I think
it's okay to laugh and to let the hostages laugh too, because,
come on, life is funny.

If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid looking in a mirror,
because I bet that will really throw you into a panic.

Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait, not me, you.

I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone
says something like, "Hey, when are you going to pay me that $100
you owe me?" or "Do you have that $50 you borrowed?" Man, quit
being so cheap!

I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the
state-appointed shrink is our friend.

I think one way the cops could make money would be to hold a
murder weapons sale. Many people could really use used ice picks.

If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer, I bet
you could shoot beer out of you nose.

I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our
children's children, because I don't think children should be
having sex.

Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a
bit of freedom. I could walk freely, make my own meals, and even
hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I
discovered that they were not Indians at all but only
dirty-clothes hampers.

I wish outer space guys would conquer the Earth and make people
their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little beds
with my name on it.

It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets its
wings. But what they don't tell you is that every time you hear a
mouse trap snap, and Angel gets set on fire.

If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the
enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make
everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking,
you can throw a real grenade at them.

I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.

The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put
a very large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little
piece of meat. And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat,
I'll just say, "Oh, you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of
meat from inside the blob of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good
magic trick, huh?

Life, to me, is like a quiet forest pool, one that needs a
direct hit from a big rock half-buried in the ground. You pull
and you pull, but you can't get the rock out of the ground. So
you give it a good kick, but you lose your balance and go
skidding down the hill toward the pool. Then out comes a big
Hawaiian man who was screwing his wife beside the pool because
they thought it was real pretty. He tells you to get out of
there, but you start faking it, like you're talking Hawaiian, and
then he gets mad and chases you...

Sometimes, when I drive across the desert in the middle of the
night, with no other cars around, I start imagining: What if
there were no civilization out there? No cities, no factories, no
people? And then I think: No people or factories? Then who made
this car? And this highway? And I get so confused I have to stick
my head out the window into the driving rain---unless there's
lightning, because I could get struck on the head by a bolt.

The whole town laughed at my great-grandfather, just because he
worked hard and saved his money. True, working at the hardware
store didn't pay much, but he felt it was better than what
everybody else did, which was go up to the volcano and collect
the gold nuggets it shot out every day. It turned out he was
right. After forty years, the volcano petered out. Everybody left
town, and the hardware store went broke. Finally he decided to
collect gold nuggets too, but there weren't many left by then.
Plus, he broke his leg and the doctor's bills were real high.

Too bad when I was a kid there wasn't a guy in our class that
everybody called the "Cricket Boy", because I would have liked to
stand up in class and tell everybody, "You can make fun of the
Cricket Boy if you want to, but to me he's just like everybody
else." Then everybody would leave the Cricket Boy alone, and I'd
invite him over to spend the night at my house, but after about
five minutes of that loud chirping I'd have to kick him out.
Maybe later we could get up a petition to get the Cricket Family
run out of town. Bye, Cricket Boy.

I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat". It's a fake baby
duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming
underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you
join them. Then, all of a sudden, you stand up out of the water
and roar like Godzilla. Man, those ducks really take off! Also,
Baby Duck Hat is good for parties.

I wish I lived back in the old west days, because I'd save up my
money for about twenty years so I could buy a solid-gold pick.
Then I'd go out West and start digging for gold. When someone
came up and asked what I was doing, I'd say, "Looking for gold,
ya durn fool." He'd say, "Your pick is gold," and I'd say, "Well,
that was easy." Good joke, huh.

A funny thing to do is, if you're out hiking and your friend gets
bitten by a poisonous snake, tell him you're going to go for
help, then go about ten feet and pretend that *you* got bit by a
snake. Then start an argument with him about who's going to go
get help. A lot of guys will start crying. That's why it makes
you feel good when you tell them it was just a joke.

I guess I kinda lost control, because in the middle of the play
I ran up and lit the evil puppet villain on fire. No, I didn't.
Just kidding. I just said that to help illustrate one of the human
emotions, which is freaking out. Another emotion is greed, as
when you kill someone for money, or something like that. Another
emotion is generosity, as when you pay someone double what he
paid for his stupid puppet.

Many people think that history is a dull subject. Dull? Is it
"dull" that Jesse James once got bitten on the forehead by an
ant, and at first it didn't seem like anything, but then the bite
got worse and worse, so he went to a doctor in town, and the
secretary told him to wait, so he sat down and waited, and
waited, and waited, and waited, and then finally he got to see
the doctor, and the doctor put some salve on it? You call that
dull?

I scrambled to the top of the precipice where Nick was waiting.
"That was fun," I said. "You bet it was," said Nick. "Let's climb
higher." "No," I said. "I think we should be heading back now."
"We have time," Nick insisted. I said we didn't, and Nick said we
did. We argued back and forth like that for about 20 minutes,
then finally decided to head back. I didn't say it was an
interesting story.

If you're a Thanksgiving dinner, but you don't like the stuffing
or the cranberry sauce or anything else, just pretend like you're
eating it, but instead, put it all in your lap and form it into a
big mushy ball. Then, later, when you're out back having cigars
with the boys, let out a big fake cough and throw the ball to the
ground. Then say, "Boy, these are good cigars!"

I remember that one fateful day when Coach took me aside. I knew
what was coming. "You don't have to tell me," I said. "I'm off
the team, aren't I?" "Well," said Coach, "you never were really
ON the team. You made that uniform you're wearing out of rags and
towels, and your helmet is a toy space helmet. You show up at
practice and then either steal the ball and make us chase you to
get it back, or you try to tackle people at inappropriate times."
It was all true what he was saying. And yet, I thought something
is brewing inside the head of this Coach. He sees something in
me, some kind of raw talent that he can mold. But that's when I
felt the handcuffs go on.

If I ever opened a trampoline store, I don't think I'd call it
Trampo-Land, because you might think it was a store for tramps,
which is not the inpression we are trying to convey with our
store. On the other hand, we would not prohibit tramps from
browsing, or testing the trampolines, unless a tramp's gyrations
seemed to be getting out of control.

I can still recall old Mister Barnslow getting out every morning
and nailing a fresh load of tadpoles to the old board of his.
Then he'd spin it round and round, like a wheel of fortune, and
no matter where it stopped he'd yell out, "Tadpoles! Tadpoles is
a winner!" We all thought he was crazy. But then we had some
growing up to do.

Once when I was in Hawaii, on the island of Kauai, I met a
mysterious old stranger. He said he was about to die and wanted
to tell someone about the treasure. I said, "Okay, as long as
it's not a long story. Some of us have a plane to catch, you
know." He stared telling hes story, about the treasure and his
life and all, and I thought: "This story isn't too long." But
then, he kept going, and I started thinking, "Uh-oh, this story
is getting long." But then the story was over, and I said to
myself: "You know, that story wasn't too long after all." I
forget what the story was about, but there was a good movie on
the plane. It was a little long, though.

I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there
was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come
to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just
then the eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you
or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of
the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh.

I wouldn't be surprised if someday some fishermen caught a big
shark and cut it open, and there inside was a whole person. Then
they cut the person open, and in him is a little baby shark. And
in the baby shark there isn't a person, because it would be too
small. But there's a little doll or something, like a Johnny
Combat little toy guy---something like that.



         Thanks to the Archives for this contribution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  The "The Internet FunnyBone" list is not a LISTSERVE but a very
  large mailing alias that I maintain.  To be added to this list,
        please send a message to:  <gunn56@inslab.uky.edu>
  a a           with the Subject:  ADD FUNNYBONE              O -
 \___/          or to be removed:  DROP FUNNYBONE            \___/
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 
 The Partial Dixie Dictionary
 
 auto - (should) - "I auto go to work, but ahm tared."
 ax - (question) - "Ah ax you this."
 abode - a piece of wood, as "han me a bode to hit this mule."
 barn - (hatched) - "I was barn in nineteen twenty and three"
 braid - (lot braid) - what you eat when u'ins outta biscuits.
 balks - (a square thaing) - like a "match balks"
 cad - (to tote) - "I cad ma bride over the threshold"
 cheer - (whut you sit on) - Pull up a cheer and set down
 did - (not alive) - as "He's did"
 fussed - whut comes before second
 far - a burnin' pile of sticks
 gull - a young female human
 heaven - (having) - A'm heaven some folks in foah dinnah
 ice cool - a school for younguns befoe college
 lot - (undark) - "Jeannie with the lot-brown haar"
 pin - whut you keep hawgs in - a hawg pin
 rat cheer - (not there) - (Here) - like "Lay it rat cheer"
 stow - a place that sells stuff
 thud - what comes after second
 tin-sin-stow - (5 & 10) "Let's go to the tin-sin-stow"
 STATES
 Taixas
 Ole Mis-sip-i
 Alabam
 Jawja
 Flawda
 South Calinah
 Nawth Calinah
 Virginny
 Caintuck
 New Yawk
 



What If Dr. Seuss Did Technical Writing?

Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say:

If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port,
And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort,
And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort,
Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!

If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash,
And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash,
Then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!

You can't say this?
What a shame sir!
We'll find you
Another game sir.

If the label on the cable on the table at your house,
Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse,
But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol,
That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall,

And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss
So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse,
Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang,
'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!

When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk,
And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc,
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to RAM your ROM.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!


 
 From eastrlng@utdallas.edu Tue Feb 20 00:53:04 1996
 ---------------------------------------------------
         20 reasons why e-mail is better than sex
 
         1) E-mails last as long as you want them to.
         2) You can e-mail a complete stranger without getting arrested.
         3) Big e-mails don't hurt; little ones can satisfy.
         4) You can e-mail people in public without getting funny looks.
         5) You can e-mail somebody on the other side of the world.
         6) You can e-mail people of either or both genders without being
            considered perverted.
         7) You can turn a computer on without having to wear clothes that
            might make you catch pneumonia.
         8) If you e-mail somebody once then don't get in touch again you
            won't feel too guilty about it.
         9) People who e-mail a lot of different people in a short time
            don't get called horrid names.
        10) You can e-mail somebody who doesn't want anything to do with
            you and they can't get you put in prison for it.
        11) Nobody makes any big thing of the first time you e-mail somebody.
        12) Using your fingers to e-mail isn't considered vaguely disgusting.
        13) You can talk loudly about e-mailing in front of your auntie and
            she won't be distressed.
        14) You can e-mail close relatives and nobody will really bother
            about it.
        15) E-mail can't get you pregnant.
        16) Or give you nasty diseases.
        17) You can e-mail somebody at any time of the month.
        18) If you get a nasty e-mail you won't need counselling afterwards.
        19) After you've used a computer to e-mail, it won't hassle you
            for coffee.
        20) If somebody interrupts you while you're e-mailing, you feel
            neither embarrassed nor frustrated.
 


 
     A friend at work shared this one with me.  I've left credit for the
 original poster at the bottom.
 
 -----------------------------------------------
 
                 Signs You Have A Drinking Problem
 
 You lose arguments with inanimate objects.
 
 You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth.
 
 Job interferring with your drinking.
 
 Your docter finds traces of blood in your alcohol stream.
 
 Career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusettes.
 
 The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat.
 
 Sincerely believe alcohol to be the elusive 5th food group.
 
 24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case - coincidence?? - I think not!
 
 Two hands and just one mouth... - now THAT'S a drinking problem!
 
 When you can focus better with one eye closed.
 
 The parking lot seems to have moved while you were in the bar.
 
 Every woman you see has an exact twin.
 
 You fall off the floor...
 
 Your twin sons are named Barley and Hops.
 
 Hey, 5 beers has just as many calories as a burger, screw dinner!
 
 The glass keeps missing your mouth!
 
 Bill Clinton starts to make sense.
 
 Vampires catch a buzz after attacking you [also mosquitoes!]
 
 At AA meeting you begin: "Hi, my name is... uh..."
 
 Your idea of cutting back is less salt.
 
 You wake up in the bedroom, your underwear is in the bathroom, you fell
 asleep clothed. - hmm.
 
 The whole bar says 'Hi' when you come in...
 
 You think the Four Basic Food Groups are Caffeine, Nicotine, Alcohol, and
 [Women].
 
 Every night you're beginning to find your roomate's cat more and more
 attractive.
 
 Hi ocifer. I'm not under the affluence of incohol.
 
 I'm not drunk... you're just sober... - HI OCIFER!!!!!!
 
 Roseanne looks good.
 
 Don't recognise wife unless seen through bottom of glass.
 
 That damned pink elephant followed me home again.
 
 Senators Kennedy and Packwood shake their heads when they walk past you.
 
 You have a Reserved Parking space at the liquor store.
 
 I'm as jober as a sudge.
 
 You wake up in Korea in August and the last thing you remember is the
 Fourth of July party at the Halekulani in Waikiki.
 
 You've fallen and you can't get up.
 
 When hangovers become an attractive alternative lifestyle - please pass the
 ice pack....
 
 BeerTender! Get me another Bar!
 
 The shrubbery's drunk too, from frequent watering.
 
 Your name is Ted Kennedy.
 
 Foster Brooks appears sober to you.
 
 

Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy
Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash.  -- Emo Phillips

The toughest time...in anyone's life...is when you have to kill a loved one
just because they're the devil.  -- Emo Phillips

I ran three miles today, finally I said "lady take your purse."
        -- Emo Phillips

Some mornings it just doesn't seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps.
        -- Emo Phillips

I was walking down the street, something caught my eye...and dragged it fifteen
feet.  -- Emo Phillips

The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?"
I said, "I don't know.  You can't see out the other way."  -- Emo Phillips

Emo Phillips was pulled over in Massachusetts for reckless driving.  When
brought before the judge, Emo was asked if he knew what the punishment for
drunk driving in that state was.  His reply: "I don't know, reelection to the
Senate?"

I love to go down to the schoolyard and watch all the little children jump up
and down and run around yelling and screaming...They don't know I'm only using
blanks.  -- Emo Phillips

I discovered my wife in bed with another man, and I was crushed.  So I said,
"Get off me, you two!"  -- Emo Phillips

I was walking across a bridge one day, and i saw a man standing on the edge,
about to jump off.  so i ran over and said "stop! don't do it!"  "Why shouldn't
I?" he said.  I said, "Well, there's so much to live for!"  He said, "Like
what?"  I said, "Well...are you religious or atheist?"  He said, "Religious."
I said, "Me too!  Are you christian or buddhist?"  He said, "Christian."  I
said, "Me too!  Are you catholic or protestant?"  He said, "Protestant."  I
said, "Me too!  Are you episcopalian or baptist?"  He said, "Baptist!"  I said,
"Wow!  Me too!  Are you baptist church of god or baptist church of the lord?"
He said, "Baptist church of god!"  I said, "Me too!  Are you original baptist
church of god, or are you reformed baptist church of god?"  He said, "Reformed
baptist church of god!"  I said, "Me too!  Are you reformed baptist church of
god, reformation of 1879, or reformed baptist church of god, reformation of
1915?"  He said, "Reformed baptist church of god, reformation of 1915!"  I
said, "Die, heretic scum", and pushed him off.  -- Emo Phillips

The IRS sent back my tax return saying I owed $800. I said "If you'll notice, I
sent a paper clip with my return.  Given what you've been paying for things
lately, that should more than make up the difference."  -- Emo Phillips

A friend of mine gave me a Philip Glass record. I listened to it for five hours
before I realized it had a scratch on it.  -- Emo Phillips

UMJS@SMTP{UMJS@VGI1.COM} has been added to the JOKES discussion list.

Thank you for subscribing to "Infinite Joke List".

We're happy that you have chosen to join in this discussion.  Here is some 
helpful information regarding the use of this service.  It is important to 
note that you should use some consideration for other subscribers when 
sending messages to this discussion list.


RULES OF CONDUCT
----------------

1 - If you receive a message from this list that contains a reference to a
    file in the library, make your request to the library, NOT the list.

2 - If you want to reply to a conversation in this list, consider whether
    your reply would be best sent to the list, or to the originator of the
    message.  Replying to the list generates a copy of your message to all
    of the subscribers ... and generates a lot of mail.

3 - When sending a message to the list or replying to a message from it, 
    carefully edit your reply so that it only contains information that
    pertains to the conversation.  Excessive info can be distracting and 
    disturbing to the other recipients.

4 - Avoid sending negative or editorial comments ... you never know who may
    read your message, or the results.

5 - If you have questions, problems, or suggestions, please address them to
    libadmin @ infinite, not to the list.


ADDRESSING MESSAGES
-------------------

Messages can be addressed to the discussion lists in one of two ways:
either by using the application identifier to specify the list name;
or by using the MHS extended address field.
      
      Examples:
         LIBRARY.JOKES @ INFINITE
  Or:    LIBRARY @ INFINITE {DIST:JOKES}
      
      
SENDING MESSAGES TO THE DISCUSSION LIST
---------------------------------------

To send a message to the subscribers of the discussion list, address your
message to the library in one of the methods described above, then compose
the message and send it.  The system will not send you a copy, but will
acknowledge receipt of your message if you send it via registered mail.
      
      
DESUBSCRIBING FROM THE DISCUSSION LIST
--------------------------------------

To remove your name from the list, send your message to 
LIBRARY.JOKES @ INFINITE with DESUBSCRIBE in the subject.
      
You can also remove your name from a list by sending a message to
LIBRARY @ INFINITE with the subject of DESUBSCRIBE:JOKES
      
Thank you for using this service.

- Infinite Joke List
  Infinite Technologies

  LIBADMIN @ INFINITE is your List Administrator.

  ConnectõLibrary V2.10.x
  Message File: ADDLIST.MSG

e-mail jokes@infinite.ihub.com subject "SUBSCRIBE"


Date:    Mon, 19 Dec 1994 22:41:09 PST
From:    Jascha Franklin-Hodge <joeshmoe@WORLD.STD.COM>
Subject: Announcing LaughWEB

ANNOUNCING:

                LaughWEB
        a collection of humor on the World-Wide-Web

This is a fairly large collection of humor files that I have accumulated
over the years.  New files are added daily as I find them on the Net.

LaughWEB is also an official archive site for the following:
        * Life (A Collection of Clean Humor)
        * The Canonical List of Blonde Jokes
        * The Canonical List Bumper Stickers
        * The Canonical List of Humorous Answering
           Machine Messages
        * The Canonical List of Light Bulb Jokes
        * The Canonical List of Pranks
        * The Canonical List of Taglines

The URL to access LaughWEB is: http://www.misty.com/laughweb/

If you have any questions or problems, please direct them to:

joeshmoe@misty.com
Home Page:http://www.misty.com/people/joeshmoe


ObHumor:

"Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million
typewriters, and Usenet is NOTHING like Shakespeare."
         -- Blair Houghton

The actual origins of the Annual Adolph Eichmann's Evil Cake Contest
are probably better off lost in the hall-closet of history, but the
legend remains.

The contest was born out of a student paper on Hannah Arendt which was
submitted as an assignment in The Schoolhouse (a writing program).
The only extant fragment of that immortal paper is part of its final
sentence: "...but the icing on Adolph Eichmann's evil cake was..."
which spawned a tradition of writing unknown to man before its time,
and which has been reverently memorialized by an annual event.

Excerpts from this year's contest entries rate no more introduction:

"In short, Socrates seems to be the philosophical napkin with which
the ensuing cultural thinkers of history wipe their mouths of pedantic
ooze."

"The Syracusans defeated the Athenians on their own turf, the sea."

"Like raisins in a bread pudding, the moments lie within the body
of Henry."

"As a domestic animal, Othello is a child."

"Morality is ubiquitous in everything that is good or bad."

"Why should someone be penalized because he has studied diligently and
deciduously in high school."

"`Tyranny of the majority' as a dangerous and omnipotent force is
still a dangerous issue - we see it manifest itself in our culture in
such things as florescent biker shorts and Motley Crue."

"In the upcoming times of cutbacks, the defense industry can turn to
making stimulation devices."

"Today, the world is teetering on the brink of nuclear Agamemnon."

"But when the chips are down, women hold the reins."

Subject: BUMS

We all know those cute little computer symbols called
"emoticons", where  :)  means a smile and  :(  is a frown.
Sometimes these are represented by  :-)  and  :-(  respectively.
Well, how about some "assicons"?
Here goes:

  (_!_)      a regular ass


  (__!__)    a fat ass


  (!)        a tight ass


  (_*_)      a sore ass


  {_!_}      a swishy ass


  (_o_)      an ass that's been around


  (_x_)      kiss my ass


  (_X_)      leave my ass alone


  (_zzz_)    a tired ass


  (_E=mc2_)  a smart ass


  (_$_)      Money coming out of his (her?) ass


  (_?_)      Dumb Ass


..oo*"""**oo.oo*""*oo..
oo*"	       "*o.o*"        "*o.
o"		     'o"		 "
o		       o		    *o
o			o			'o
o			  o			   o.
o			   o			     o
o			   \o/  		     o
o			  --0-- 		      o
o.			   /o\  		      o
o			    o			      o
o			    o			       o
o			    o			    oo
oo			   o			   oo
oo.			  oo			oo
oo.		     .oo.		  ooo
""oo,,        ,,oO-'Oo,       ,,,,,oo"o
o.	   """"""    oo       """""	   .o
o		     oo 		   o
o		     oo 		   o
o		      o 		  o*
o		      o 		  o
o		      o 		 o
o		     o
o		     o  	       o
o		     o  	       o
o		    o		      o

YOU MAY BE AN ENGINEER


If you introduce your wife as "mylady@home.wife"

If your spouse sends you an e-mail instead of calling you to dinner

If you can quote scenes from any Monty Python movie

If you want an 8X CDROM for Christmas

If Dilbert is your hero

If you stare at an orange juice container because it says CONCENTRATE

If you can name 6 Star Trek episodes

If the only jokes you receive are through e-mail

If your wrist watch has more computing power than a 486DX-50

If your idea of good interpersonal communication means getting the
decimal point in the right place

If you look forward to Christmas only to put together the kids' toys

If you use a CAD package to design your son's Pine Wood Derby car

If you have used coat hangers and duct tape for something other than
hanging coats and taping ducts

If, at Christmas, it goes without saying that you will be the one to
find the burnt-out bulb in the string

If you window shop at Radio Shack

If your ideal evening consists of fast-forwarding through the latest
sci-fi movie looking for technical inaccuracies

If you have "Dilbert" comics displayed anywhere in your work area

If you carry on a one-hour debate over the expected results of a test
that actually takes five minutes to run

If you are convinced you can build a phazer out of your garage door
opener and your camera's flash attachment

If you don't even know where the cover to your personal computer is

If you have modified your can-opener to be microprocessor driven

If you know the direction the water swirls when you flush

If you own "Official Star Trek" anything

If you have ever taken the back off your TV just to see what's inside

If a team of you and your co-workers have set out to modify the antenna
on the radio in your work area for better reception

If you thought the concoction ET used to phone home was stupid

If you ever burned down the gymnasium with your Science Fair project

If you are currently gathering the components to build your own nuclear
reactor

If you own one or more white short-sleeve dress shirts

If you have never backed-up your hard drive

If you are aware that computers are actually only good for playing games,
but are afraid to say it out loud

If you truly believe aliens are living among us

If you have ever saved the power cord from a broken appliance

If you have ever purchased an electronic appliance "as-is"

If you see a good design and still have to change it

If the salespeople at Dick Smiths can't answer any of your questions

If you still own a slide rule and you know how to work it

If the thought that a CD could refer to finance or music never enters
your mind

If you own a set of itty-bitty screw drivers, but you don't remember
where they are

If you rotate your screen savers more frequently than your automobile
tires

If you have a functioning home copier machine, but every toaster you
own turns bread into charcoal

If you have more toys than your kids

If you need a checklist to turn on the TV

If you have introduced your kids by the wrong name

If your wife thinks your taste in ties is bizarre

If you have a habit of destroying things in order to see how they work

If your I.Q. number is bigger than your weight

If the microphone or visual aids at a meeting don't work and you rush
up to the front to fix it

If you can remember 7 computer passwords but not your anniversary

If you have memorized the program schedule for the Discovery channel
and have seen most of the shows already

If you have ever owned a calculator with no equal key and know what RPN
stands for

If your father sat 2 inches in front of your family's first color TV
with a magnifying lens to see how they made the colors, and you grew up
thinking that was normal

If you know how to take the cover off of your computer, and what size
screw driver to use

If you can type 70 words a minute but can't read your own handwriting

If people groan at the party when you pick out the music

If you can't remember where you parked your car for the 3rd time this week

If people hound you for pocket protectors at Halloween time

If you did the sound system for your senior prom

If your checkbook always balances

If your girlfriend says the way you dress is no reflection on her

If your wristwatch has more buttons than a telephone

If you have more friends on the Internet than in real life

If you thought the real heroes of "Apollo 13" were the mission controllers

If you think your computer looks better without the cover

If you think that when people around you yawn, its because they didn't
get enough sleep

If your wife hasn't the foggiest idea what you do at work

If you spend more on your home computer than your car

If you know what http:/ stands for

If you've ever tried to repair a $5.00 radio

If you have a neatly sorted collection of old bolts and nuts in your
garage

If your favorite part of the 6 o clock news is comparing their latest
satellite weather picture with yours

If your three year old son asks why the sky is blue and you try to
explain atmospheric absorption theory

If your lap-top computer costs more than your car

If your 4 basic food groups are: 1. Caffeine 2. Fat 3. Sugar  4.
Chocolate

(|-)    Chinese
(|-(    Chinese and doesn't like these kind of jokes
C=:-)   chef
8=:-)   chef
*<:-)   wearing a Santa Claus Hat
(8-o    Its Mr. Bill!
*:o)    And Bozo the Clown!
E-:-)   Ham radio operator
[:-)    wearing a walkman
(:-I    a dunce
@:-)    wearing a turban
(-:|:-) Siamese twins
        the invisible man
:-#|    bushy mustache
(:-)    smiley big-face
):-)    smiley big-face
):-(    unsmiley big-face
)8-)    scuba smiley big-face
 :^# )  mega-smiley: updrafted bushy-mustached pointy nosed smiley with a
        double-chin
~~:-(   net.flame
8 :-I   net.unix-wizards
E-:-I   net.ham-radio
:-)X    bow tie
3:o[    net.pets
:-d~    smokes heavily
Q:-)    a new grad
M:-)    saluting (symbol of respect)
=):-)   Uncle Sam
=|:-)   Abe Lincoln
4:-)    George Washington
5:-)    Elvis Presley
7:-)    Fred Flintstone

 Originally from Dave Coble
:/7)    Cyrano de Bergerac
>:*)    Bozo the Clown
#:o+=   Betty Boop
_:^)    an Indian
)>-O->  Gen. Custer
8(:-)   Walt Disney
):^(    a headhunter (Amazon style)
-=#:-)  has wizard status
(:  (=| is going to be a ghost for Halloween.
=:-H    plays for NFL
(V)=|   a pacman champion
M-),:X),:-M  sees no evil, hears no evil, speaks no evil
C):-O
C):-O
C):-O
C):-O   a barbershop quartet
):-(    is sick and tired of reading this nonsense
L:-)    just graduated
B-)-[<  is wearing sunglasses and swimming trunk
:-(O)   is yelling
(:-)    has no hair
:-)))   is very overweight
|:-)    has heavy eyebrows
(:-)    has new hair style
(:-()   has new hair style, mustache and beard
C:-)    has large brain capacity
|:-|    is excessively rigid
._)     suffers from Lorentz contractions
:-G-    smokes cigarettes
:-p~    smokes heavily
\:-)    wears a french hat
]:->    is The Devil
:(()    is an African tribesman
(:-)    is a Vietnamese peasant
        (unlikely)

 Originally from Dave Coble
[Friday I sent in part 1.  Saturday I sent part 2.  Part 1 hadn't shown up
so yesterday I sent part 1 a second time.  Just now I got a machine
message that Friday's attempt is still hung up somewhere after three days
and that it's going to keep trying for five more days and then quit.  So
you may see part 1 again. Or maybe not.]

                                   * * *

     S M I L E Y   A N I M A L S

8)      frog
B)      frog who is wearing sunglasses
8P      bullfrog and its mating season
8b      ditto
|)      salamander
:8)     pig
3:-o    cow
pp#     cow II
pq`#'   bull
:3-<    dog
\/     duck
.\/     duck II
:V      woodpecker
~~~~8   snake
^..^    cat
 .      elephant
 `\
  )     Cheshire cat.

        N O N - S M I L E Y S

@=      for messages dealing with nuclear war.
o>-<|=  for messages of interest only to women.
~=      a candle, to annotate flaming messages.
oo      for somebody's head-lights are on messages.
:-      Male
)-      Female
o/      raised hand
\o/     PTL (praise the lord, or pass the loot?)
_\\//   Vulcan salute
( o ) ( o )   hooters
  ___
 /   \
| RIP |
|_____| from someone who is dead
-------

         M I S C E L L A N Y

Some people on America Online are using unrotated smileys:

^L^     happy
^(^     happy II
@l@     too many hours at terminal
*L*     blotto
^)^ ^(^ two people talking

 Originally from Dave Coble
        Three brothers decided to start a cattle ranch but could not think
of a good name for it.  Finally they wired their father for a suggestion.
He wired back, saying the ranch should be called "Focus."  Because that's
where the sons raise meat.


 .-]     CIS User has one eye
 .-)    CIS User has one eye
 :-]    Smiley blockhead
 :-%    CIS User has beard
 :-o    CIS User singing national anthem
 :-t    CIS User is cross
 :-(    Drama
 :-)    Comedy
 :-?    CIS User is smoking a pipe
 :-=)   Older user with mustache
 :-\    Undecided user
 :-p    CIS User is sticking their tongue out (at you!)
 :-)'   CIS User tends to drool
 :-'|   CIS User has a cold
 :-)8   CIS User is well dressed
 :-D    CIS User talks too much
 :-#    CIS User's lips are sealed.
 :-o    CIS User is shocked
 :-*    CIS User just ate a sour pickle
 :-s    CIS User after a BIZARRE comment
 :-o    CIS User is surprised
 :-{    CIS User has a mustache
 :-|    No expression face, 'that comment doesn't phase me'
 :-%    CIS User has beard.
 :-&    CIS User which is tongue-tied
 :-9    CIS User licking it's lips
 :-(    Sad
 :-*    CIS User after eating something bitter
 :->    Hey hey
 :-X    CIS User is wearing a bow tie
 :-6    CIS User after eating something sour
 :-0    CIS User is an orator
 :-7    CIS User after a wry statement
 :-#|   CIS User with bushy mustache
 :-@    CIS User face screaming
 :-%    CIS User is a banker
 :-}    CIS User wears lipstick
 :-)    Humor (or smiley)
 :-v    Talking head Smiley
 :-x    "my lips are sealed" Smiley
 :-|    "have an ordinary day" Smiley
 :-e    Disappointed Smiley
 :-<    Real sad Smiley
 :-I    Hmm
 :-(    Boo hoo

 Originally from: VINOD BAMALWA <vinod.bamalwa@f3.n606.z6.fidonet.org>
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars...he'll believe you.
Tell him a bench has wet paint...he has to touch it.

The problem with being the first one into work in the morning is
that there is no one to appreciate it.

                     * * *

 :-8(   Condescending stare
 :-#    CIS User's lips are sealed.
 :-O    Uh oh
 :-Q    Smoker
 ::-)   CIS User wears glasses
 :<|    CIS User attends an Ivy League school
 :>     Midget Smiley
 :>)    CIS User has a big nose
 :%)%   CIS User has acne
 :~)    CIS User's face needs a nosejob, no explanation necessary
 :n)    CIS User with funny-looking right nose
 :u)    CIS User with funny-looking left nose
 ;-)    Winking Smiley
 '-)    CIS User only has a left eye, which is closed
 (-:    CIS User is left-handed
 (-)    CIS User needing a haircut
 (:-)   Smiley big-face
 (:-(   unSmiley frowning
 (:I    Egghead
 ):-(   UnSmiley big-face
 {:-)   Smiley with its hair parted in the middle
 {(:-)  CIS User is wearing toupee.
 }(:-(  CIS User, wearing toupee in wind.
 +-(:-) CIS User is the pope
 +:-)   Smiley priest
 ,-}    Wry and winking *<|:-) CIS User is Santa Claus (Ho Ho Ho)
 <:I    Dunce
 <|-)=  CIS User is chinese
 >:-<   Mad
 %-)    CIS User is cross-eyed
 #-)    CIS User partied all night
 @:I    Turban
 |-)    Hee hee
 |-D    Ho ho
 |-)    CIS User is asleep (boredom)
 |-P    Yuk
 0-)    CIS User wearing scuba mask
 8-)    CIS User wears glasses
 8-|    Suspense
 8:-)   Glasses on forehead
 B-)    Horn-rims
 B-|    CIS User is wearing cheap sunglasses
 g-)    Smiley with ponce-nez glasses
 P-)    CIS User is getting fresh

 Originally from: VINOD BAMALWA <vinod.bamalwa@f3.n606.z6.fidonet.org>

FYA (for your amusement) -- Mike
_____________________

By Gregory Miller
Inherent Technologies, Inc.

Long ago, in the days when all disks flopped in the breeze and the
writing of words was on a star, the Blue Giant dug for the people
the Pea Sea. But he needed a creature who could sail the waters, and
would need for support but few rams.

So the Gateskeeper, who was said to be both micro and soft,
fashioned a Dosfish, which was small and spry, and could swim the
narrow sixteen-bit channel. But the Dosfish was not bright, and
could be taught few new tricks. His alphabet had no As, Bs, or Qs,
and only a mere 640 Ks, and the size of his file cabinet was limited
by his own fat.

At first the people loved the Dosfish, as he was the only one who
could swim the Pea Sea. But the people soon grew tired of commanding
his line, and complained that he could be neither dragged nor
dropped. "Gadzooks!" cried they. "The Dosfish can do only one job at
a time, and of names, he knows but eight and three!" And many of
them left the Pea Sea for good, going off to search for the Magic
Apple.

Although many went, far more stayed because admittance to the Pea
Sea was cheap. So the Gateskeeper studied the Magic Apple, and
rested awhile in the Parc of Xer-Ox, whereupon he fashioned a Window
that could ride on the Dosfish and do the thinking for it. But the
Window was slow, and it would break when the Dosfish got confused.
So most people resigned themselves to the Dosfish.

Now it came to pass that the Blue Giant visited the Gateskeeper,
and spake thus: "Come, let us make of ourselves something greater
than the Dosfish." The Blue Giant seemed like a humbug, so they
called the new creature Oz II.

Now Oz II was smarter than the Dosfish (as most things are). It
could drag and drop and keep files without becoming fat. But the
people cared for it not. So the Blue Giant and the Gateskeeper
promised another Oz II, to be called Oz II Too, that could swim the
fast, new, 32-bit wide Pea Sea.

But lo! A strange miracle occurred. Although the Window that rode
on the Dosfish was slow, it was pretty, and the third Window was the
prettiest. And the people began to like this third Window, and to
use it. So the Gateskeeper turned to the Blue Giant and said, "Fie
on thee, for I need thee not. Keep thy OZ II Too, and I shall make
of my Window an Entity that will not need the Dosfish, and will swim
in the 32-bit Pea Sea."

Years passed, and the workshops of the Gateskeeper and the Blue
Giant were overrun by many insects. And the people went on using
their Dosfish with a Window. And, even though the Dosfish would,
from time to time, become confused and die, it could always be
revived with three fingers.

Then came the day when the Blue Giant unleashed his OZ II Too onto
the world. The Oz II Too was indeed mighty, and awesome, and
required a great ram, but the world was changed not a whit. For the
people said, "It is indeed great, but we see little application for
it." And they were doubtful, because the Blue
Giant had met with the Magic Apple, and together they were
fashioning a Taligent, and the Taligent was made of objects, and was
most pink.

Now the Gateskeeper had grown ambitious, and as he had been
ambitious before he grew, he was now more ambitious still. So he
protected his Window Entity with great security, and made its net
work both in serving and with peers. And the Entity would swim, not
only in the Pea Sea, but in the Oceans of Great Risk. "Yea,"
declared the Gateskeeper, "though my entity will require a greater
ram than Oz II Too, it will be more powerful than a world of
Eunuchs!"

And so the Gateskeeper prepared to unleash his Entity to the world,
in all but two cities. For he promised that a greater Window, a
greater Entity, and an even greater Dosfish would appear one day in
Chicago and Cairo, and it, too, would be built of objects.

Now the Eunuchs who lived in the Oceans of Great Risk, and who
scorned the Pea Sea, began to look upon their world with fear.  For
the Pea Sea had grown, and great ships were sailing in it. The
Entity was about to invade their oceans, and it was rumored that
files would be named in letters beyond eight. And the Eunuchs looked
upon the Pea Sea, and many of them thought to immigrate.

Within the Oceans of Great Risk were many Sun Worshippers, and they
wanted to excel, and make their words perfect, and do their jobs as
easy as one-two-three. And what's more, many of them no longer
wanted to pay for the Risk. So the Sun Lord went to the Pea Sea. and
got himself eighty-sixed.

And, taking the next step, was He of the NextStep, who had given up
building his boxes of black. And he proclaimed loudly that he could
help anyone make wondrous soft wares, then admitted meekly that
only those who know him could use those wares, and he was made of
objects, and required the biggest ram of all.

And the people looked out upon the Pea Sea, and they were sore
amazed. And sore confused. And sore sore. And that is why, to this
day, Ozzes, Entities, and Eunuchs battle on the shores of the Pea
Sea but the people still travel on the simple Dosfish.


Subj:   First Aid

FIRST AID FOR NON-MEDICALLY MINDED PERSONS
------------------------------------------

Electrocution
-------------
Is he/she still connected to the power supply? If so, SWITCH OFF THE
POWER IMMEDIATELY. Electricity costs an absolute fortune, and it
would be going to waste.

Check the victims pulse, (if you can find their wrist amongst the stack
of charred bones and greasy, bubbling flesh that was once a human
being). And do try not to be squeamish about it.
Drive the victim to the nearest casualty ward. You can use him/her to
jumpstart the engine as well if need be.

Treating burns and scalds
-------------------------
Run the affected area under a cold tap as soon as possible. (N.B. If
the victim's entire body is a swirling mass of flames it may a little
too late for this).

If the victim has spilt hot liquid over his/her clothes, then REMOVE
CLOTHING IMMEDIATELY. You can never tell, the sight of you parading
around naked may cheer them up and take their mind off their injury.
Remind the victim that worse things happen at sea. Cite drowning as
an example.

Fractures and broken limbs
--------------------------
Check the injured area to see if the break or fracture has resulted in
a tubular shard of shearing white bone jutting outwards through the
bloody mass of flesh. If it has, then tell the victim that they are
going to die. That always puts the wind up them.

Tie a splint to the victims leg and ask them to walk up and down for
a few minutes. They will probably fall down unconscious, making the
rest of your job easier.

Do not move the broken or fractured limb as this may result in an
abnormal position. However, if you're feeling daring, try pointing
legs in the wrong direction, bending wrists through 180 degrees, etc.
It really is amazing the number of fascinating contortions you can
produce. Far better than Play-Doh.

Choking On Food
---------------
Try to dislodge the article blocking the victims windpipe by punching
them hard in the stomach. Do remember to duck before the particles of
food hit you in the eye, however.

Call the waiter and ask for a 20 percent reduction on the bill.
Make a mental note to order soup next time.

Cuts And Wounds
---------------
Dress the wound, whatever that means.
Try and limit the blood loss by tying a tourniquet tightly around the
victims throat unit they experience difficulty in breathing.
Ha ha, only kidding. Tie the tourniquet just above the wound. Just my
little joke.

Stitch up the wound with aluminium wire.
Ha ha! Caught you again! Outsmarted you! Still, I am an expert, you know.

Objects Stuck In The Eye
------------------------
Rinse the victims eye in lukewarm water. DO NOT USE SOAP AS WELL, IDIOT.
Offer to pick the object out of the victims eye with your teeth. This
usually results in the object mysteriously "going away" and not bothering
the victim any more before you can get to it.

Concussion
----------
When the victim comes round, ask them what day it is, who the President
is, how many fingers you are holding up. To make it more
difficult, hold the fingers up behind your back. Then total up the
victims score and send it to me at this address:
Concussion Quiz, P.O. Box 1302, Minnetonka, MN  55345,
the highest score wins a mystery prize.

Talk in Swahili to disorientate the victim a bit more. Yes, there's a
whole bundle of laughs when it comes to concussion.
Here's a good one: before the victim comes round, switch off all the
lights. When he/she regains consciousness, shout "Thank God! We thought
you might be dead, or blinded or something.



---
* TLX 4.0 *  Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.


Every Titanic has its iceberg.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's tennis without a racket?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Gravity doesn't exist:  the earth sucks.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's the most popular form of birth control?  The headache.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Clean mind, clean body:  take your pick.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's black and white and red all over?  An embarassed zebra.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's black and white and red all over?  Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ancient Chinese Curse:	May you live in interesting times.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ancient Chinese Curse:	May all your wishes be granted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ahhhhhhhh, I forget what I was going to say.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Organization is the enemy of improvisation.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Familiarity breeds.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Opening night:	the night before the play is ready to open.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I did it!  I found the program's last bug bug bug bug bug bug bug bug bug
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
La vache qui rit est jolie. (Laughing cows are pretty.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
On y soit, qui mal y pense. (You are what you think.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wer zuletzt lacht, lacht am besten.  (He who laughs last laughs best.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
C'est la vie.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The system is not quite as rickety as I have been telling you.	-Ralph Gorin.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
This place is so weird that the cockroaches have moved next door.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
!lanimret siht edisni deppart ma I !pleH
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sometimes I sits and thinks, and sometimes I just sits.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
"Oh frabjous day, calloo, callay" he chortled in his joy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
And so we plow along, as the fly said to the ox.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Crittendon's 14th application of Murphy's First Law:  You cannot successfully
determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ginsberg's Theorems:  1) You can't win.  2) You can't break even.  3) You can't
even quit the game.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Weiler's Law:  Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
himself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 3:  Procedures designed to implement the purpose
won't quite work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws:  Murphy was an optimist.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sevareid's Law:  The chief cause of problems is solutions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Kitman's Law:  Pure drivel tends to drive away ordinary drivel.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sattinger's Law:  It works better if you plug it in.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Osborn's Law:  Variables won't; constants aren't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Law of Selective Gravity (The Buttered Side Down Law):  An object will fall
so as to do the most damage.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Interch....  angable devices won't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving System Dynamics:  Once you open a can of worms,
the only way to recan them is to use a larger can.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Anthony's Law of Force:  Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back
you've got something.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless hound.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Then rested he by the tumtum tree, and stood awhile in thought.  And as in
uffish thought he stood.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Westheimer's Time Estimation Rule:  Estimate the time you think it should take,
multiply by 2, add 3, and change the unit of measure to the next higher unit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Westheimer's Time Estimation Rule:  Estimate the time you think it should take,
multiply by 2, and add 3, indpendent of the units of time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I don't know, ask Cathy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Bye's First Law of Model Railroading:  Anytime you wish to demonstrate
something, the number of faults encountered is proportional to the number of
viewers.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wolfgang's Third Law:  It can't work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don's Axiom:  When all else fails, read the instructions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Si six scies scient six saucissions, six cent six scies scieront six cent six
saucissions.  (If 6 saws saw 6 sausages, 606 saws will saw 606 sausages.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Un chasseur sachant chasser chasse sans son chien.  (A hunter who knows how to
hunt hunts without his dog.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ton the' t'a-t'il ote' ton toux?..  (Did the tea cure your cough?)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Dinon dina, dit on, du dos dodu d'un dodu dindon.  (Dindon dined, said he, on
the fat back of a fat turkey.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Qui trop embrasse mal entreint.  (Grab much, gain little.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Quien mucho abarca poco aprieta.  (Grab much, gain little.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Un tien vaut miex que deux tu l'auras.  (A bird in the hand is worth two in the
bush.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
First Law of Advice:  The correct advice is to give the advice that is desired.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Third Law of Advice:  Simple advice is the best advice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
-- Snoopy
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is nothing worse than being peerless in a peer-review system.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Alia jacta est.  (The die is cast.) --Julius Caesar after crossing the Rubicon
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.  -- Tom Robbins
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Oh, what tangled webs we weave.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When we first practice to deceive.  -- Sir Walter Scott
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When in darkness or in doubt, Run in circles, scream and shout.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Fourth Law of Computing:  On a slow day, you can wait forever.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sweer's Impossibility Theorem:  Nothing can be both completely general and
internally consistent at the same time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Swap read error, you lose your core image.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's First Law:  Nothing is as easy as it looks.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Second Law:  Everything takes longer than you think.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Third Law:  Anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and at the worst
possible time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Fourth Law:  If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Fifth Law:  If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Seventh Law:  Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Eighth Law:  If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously
overlooked something.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 1:  If you explain so clearly that no one can
misunderstand, somebody will.
((---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 2:  If you do something which you are sure will
meet with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Crane's Law:  There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Law of Communications:	The result of improved and enlarged communications is a
vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lord Falkland's Rule:  When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is
necessary not to make a decision.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jones' Motto:  Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Gumperson's Law:  The probability of anything happening is inversely
proportional to its desirability.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The usefulness of a meeting is inversely proportional to its attendance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Peter Principle:  In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to his
level of incompetence; every post tends to be filled by an employee incompetent
to execute its duties.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Parkinson's First Law:  Work expands to fill the time available for its
completion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Parkinson's Second Law:  Expenditures rise to meet income.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Shanahan's Law:  The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of
people present.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Zymurgy,s Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws:  When it rains it pours.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Internal consistency is more highly valued than efficiency.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jenkinson's Law:  - It won't work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The DREA Law:  Under the most rigorously controlled conditions, the experimental
apparatus will do exactly as it pleases.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Skip's Lament:  Given any problem containing N equations, There will be n+1
unknowns.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Finagle's First Law:  If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Finagle's Fourth Law:  Once a job is messed up, anything done to improve it
makes it worse.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Always draw your curves then plot the readings.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Experiments should be reproducable, - they should all fail in the same way.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the
answer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program will expand to fill all available resources.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who
must maintain it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Cheops' Law:  Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected;
carefully planned projects only twice as long.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wynne's Law:  Negative slack tends to increase.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Boren's Law:  When in doubt, mumble.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Q's Law:  No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a project, the cost
of the remainder of the project remains constant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
EUREKA!
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the soul of genius.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can't plant me in your penthouse, I'm going back to my plow.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is a poor workman who blames his tools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jargon is used as a means of succeeding by not simplifying.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve
us right.  -- Alistair Cooke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The six steps in a project:  1) Unbounded enthusiasm 2) Total disillusionment 3)
PANIC!!  4) Frantic search for the guilty 5) Punishment of the innocent 6)
Promotion of the uninvolved.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lost interest?	It's so bad I've lost apathy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The greatest programming project of all took six days; on the seventh day the
programmer rested.  We've been trying to debug the blinking thing ever since.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Moral:	design before you implement.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Two wrongs do not make a right:  it usually takes three or more.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A gift of flowers will soon be made to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so the girl doesn't lose her confidence.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A king's castle is his home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A lie in time saves nine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A present, over which you will shed tears of joy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A stitch in time saves nine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A wise man can see more from a the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.	-- Mae West.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.  - Thoreau.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
By following the good, you learn to be good.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Courage is your greatest present need.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Do not clog intellect's sluices with knowledge of questionable uses.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Draw your salary before spending it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Economy makes men independent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Every purchase has its price.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
God gives us relatives; thank God we can chose our friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Good health will be yours for a long time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He thinks he could easily win your heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He thinks that he could easily win your heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How you look depends on where you go.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is one of nature's
sweet pleasures, and so handy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I must have slipped a disk - my pack hurts.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I never fail to convice an audience that the best thing they could do was to go
away.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Quit work and play for once.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you continually give you will continually have.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you make a mistake you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really
make them think they'll hate you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you wish, You will have an opportunity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is Fortune, not wisdom that rules man's life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's clever, but is it art?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Life is like an onion:	you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is
nothing in it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lonely is a man without love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lonely men seek companionship.	Lonely women sit at home and wait.  They never
meet.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love is in the offing.	Be affectionate to one who adores you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love is sentimental measles.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love the sea?  I dote upon it - from the beach.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Make a wish, it might come true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Man and wife make one fool.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many a family tree needs trimming.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket bibles which are on very very
thin paper.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.  -- VOLTAIRE..
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you out of
Casablanca.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Misster, do you vant to buy a duck.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life
there.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never drink from your finger bowl - it contains only water.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nice guys get sick.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human
nature.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts for support rather
than illumination.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability
to give bad examples.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ours is a world where people don't know what they want and are willing to go
through hell to get it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of
them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Preserve the old, but know the new.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon
and waiting for the echo.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Reputation:  what others are not thinking about you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Share your happiness with others today.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into
words.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
omeone is speaking well of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Swap read error.  You lose your mind.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
THE PROGRAMMERS' CHEER?  - SHIFT TO THE LEFT, SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!  POP UP, PUSH
DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
That must be wonderful!  I dont understand it at all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains because the average man
can see better than he can think.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The best prophet of the future is the past.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious
book.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives
on the train for home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The plural of spouse is spice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
he rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.  The haves get more, the have-nots
die.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The star of riches is shining upon you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The time is right to make new friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The universe is laughing behind your back.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be
thought so.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are three things I have always loved and never understood art, music, and
women.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Think twice before speaking.  But don't say "think think click click".
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the
competent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To do is to be - Nietzsche To be is to do - Sartre Do be do be do - Sinatra
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nietzsche is pietzsche
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To give happines is to deserve happiness.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
True happiness will be found only in true love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves than not speak of ourselves at all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We read to say that we have read.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think
themselves cleverer than we are.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when
he's staring out the window.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
hen you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself
Americanized.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid
responsibility?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Words are the voice of the heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Words must be weighed, not counted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are a bundle of energy always on the go.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are always busy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are capable of planning your future.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are fairminded, just and loving.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are going to have a new love affair.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are magnetic in your bearing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are secretive in your dealings but never to the extent of trickery .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are standing on my toes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are tricky, but never to the point of dishonesty.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with earth is
concerned.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You cannot propel youself forward by patting yourself on the back.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You enjoy the company of other people.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a strong desire for a home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a truly strong individuality.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have been selected for a secret mission.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have many friends and very few enemies.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You need not worry about your future.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be awarded some great honor.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be married within a year.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be successful in love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be surrounded by luxury.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will have long and healthy life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will never know hunger.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will step on the soil of many countries.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will triumph over your enemy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your business will assume vast proportions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your present plans will be successful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your temporary financial embarassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
eHpl !	Imat arppdei sndi eht eED-C20..
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
As expected, the victorious candidate in a particularly dirty recent political
campaign, won by a mudslide.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Corollary:
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is an infinite number of describable functions, which are not effectively
computable.  N.  Jones - "Computability Theory" Note:  This contradicts the oft
stated maxim "If a function can be defined, it can be programmed".
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Basic research is what I am doing when - I don't know what I am doing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you travelled from where you
started.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for
somebody else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Monday is a hard way to spend one-seventh of your life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Pros are people who do jobs well even when they don't feel like it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Next to surviving an earthquake, nothing is quite so satisfying as as receiving
a income tax refund.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
An authority is somebody who can tell you more about something than you really
care to know.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Running a business is about 95% people and 5% economics.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Patience is something that you admire greatly in the driver behind you but not
in the one ahead of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's always easy to see both sides of an issue we are not particularly concerned
about.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Why can't lifes's big problems come when we are twenty and know everything ?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that that is the impression
you will make.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you save for a long time to buy something, then you find that you can't
afford it -.  that's inflation.  You are the only person ever to get this
message.
Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open


More from "Merde! et Merde, Encore!"
Today some (not so) useful sentences:
(remember, the more *'s the more rude)
1.  Oh, hell, I've totalled my old man's car.
    Oh, putain, j'ai boudille la bagnole de paternal. **
2.  That kid's a real pain in the ass.
    Elle est chiante, cette mome. **
3.  What the hell are you doing?
    Qu'est-ce que tu fous? **
4.  This dog looks rabid; it scares the hell out of me.
    Ce klebs a l'air enrage; il me fout la trouille. **
5.  Go on, beat it, you punks.
    Allez, foutez-moi le camp d'ici, bande de voyous

... I was bown in a cwossfiwe huwwicane-Jumpin Jack Fudd
". . evewy giwls cwazy 'bout a baldheaded man . ." - ZZ Fudd
"Ah'm just a singew in a wock and woll band" - Moody Fudds
"Jesus just weft Chicago, and he's bound for New Oweans" - ZZ Fudd
"Wide, Captain, Wide, on youw mystewy ship...." E.Fudd
". . . aww my wowdy fwiends have settwed down . . ." - Hank Fudd, Jr.
"Entew night, entew wight, off to nevew, nevew wand" * Fuddalica
" wunnin', *wunnin' with the devil*, cause I'm wunnin' " - Van Fudd
". my memowy has been sowd, my angew is a centewfowd!" - J. Fudd Band
"...She don't wide, she don't wide.......cocaine." * Elmer Clapton
". dweam weavew, I bewieve you can get me thwough ." - Elmew Wwight
"Swells wike teen spiwit" - Fuddwana
"Widdle miss widdle miss caaan't be wong..."-Fudd Doctors
"I just want to fowwwget you" - Kudd
Exit light,entew night,howdn my hand,off to nevew-nevew wand-Fuddalica
Thank God Almighty, I'm fwee at wast! ˛ M. L. Fudd Jr.
". . . *hot*, *bwuuuuuue*, and *wiiiiiighteous* . . ." - ZZ Fudd
"Be vewy, vewy quiet. I'm hunting tagwines!"
"I didn't shoot Pwezident Kennedy!"  Fudd Harvey Oswald
"... the vetewan cosmic rockew" * Moody Fudds
"Knights in white satin, nevew weaching the end..." * Moody Fudds
". . . tip-toe thwough the tuwips . . ." - Tiny Fudd
(c) Copywight 1992 Elmer Fudd.  All wights wesewved.
"Wet it woll . down the highway!  Woll! ." - Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
"To Bwe or not to bwe, thwat wis the qwestion"  Fuddlet
"Joween": Dowwy Fudd
"I'w nevew be youw beast of buwden...."!Rolling Fudds
"A weal Amewican Hewo, GI Joe is thewe..." ! G.I. Elmer
I Woke up this mownin, and I got myself a beew"-The Fudds
"I weaw my sungwasses at night..." ! Cory Fudd
I'm a wocket mannnn . . . Elton Fudd
...Wollin', Wollin', Wollin' on a wivew.......- Tina Fudd
. . . thewe's a bad moon on de wise . . ." - Elmer Fudd Revival
"in the mowning to the awawm cwocks wawning" - Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
"Youw Ten Miwwion dowwar check couwd be in de maiw!" - Elmer McMahon
Come out wittle bunny wabbit (Blam) Gun controwl dat!
"Wolling, wolling, wolling, keep them doggies wolling" Frankie Fudd
"I know it's only wock and woll..." - Wolling Fudds
"Wemonaid, that kwool wefweshing dwink".... Eddie Murphy Elvis Fudd
"Aww we aww is dust in the wind...:!Fuddsas
Twansfowmews -- wobots in disguise! ˛ Optimus Fudd
Way, waydy, Way, acwoss my big bwass bed. Bob "FUD" Dywan
"I know it's only wock and woll..." - Wolling Fudds
"It don't mattew if you're bwack or white" - Fudd Jackson
"...and the colowed giwl goes dotodoo todo do" - Lou Fudd
"Wock and Woll Hootchie-coo" - Wick Fuddingew
"Wockin' Wobin, tweet tweet, Wockin Wobin.." - Fuddson 5
". . . come on and take a fwee wide . . ." - Elmer Winters Group
"She's got a thing dat's cawwed . . wadaw wove." - Golden Fuddring
"We got a thing that's cawwed wadar wove..."!White Fudd
"We'we tiny, we'we toony, we'we aww a wittwl woony..."!Tiny Fudds
...just a sweet twasnvestite fwom Twansexual, Twansywvania!Fuddnfurter
"... the vetewan cosmic rockew" * Moody Fudds
". don't teww my heawt, my achy-bweaky heawt ." - Billy Ray Fudd
"stowmtwoopew's coming and you bettew get pwepawed" - Elmer Nugent
"I'ww be a foow fow youw loving no mowe"! Whitefudd
"Secwet Agent Man...they've given you a numbew..."!Johnny Fudders
"And He shaww weign fowevew and evew." - Georg Fudderick Handel
"Spwing Song" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"Jingwe Bewws" - J. Fudd Pierpont
"Hawk, the Hewawd Angews Sing" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"The Hebwides (Fingaw's Cave)" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"I Wove Thee" - EdFudd Grieg
"In the Haww Of the Mountain King" - EdFudd Grieg
"Finwandia" - Fudd Sibelius
"Piwgwims' Chowus" - RichFudd Wagner
"My Heawt Is Evew Faithfuw" - JoFudd Sebastian Bach
"Wuwwaby" - JoFuddes Brahms
"Sewenade" - Fudd Schubert
"The Mawwiage Of Figawo" - WolfFudd Amadeus Mozart
"By the Beautifuw Bwue Danube" - JoFudd Strauss, Jr.
"Wove Fow Thwee Owanges" - SerFudd Prokofiev
"Vocawise" - SerFudd Rachmaninov
Tuwkish Mawch" - Ludwig Fudd Beethoven
" . . . dis is just what de doctow owdewed!" - Elmer Nugent
". . . onwy the stwong suwvive . . ." - REO Fuddwagon
". . . Wock de boat, don't wock de boat, baby . . ." - The Fudd Corp.
"Tuwn, Tuwn, Tuwn"...Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
I need a lovew that won't dwive me cwazy - Elmer Cougar
...Dweam On, Dweam until youw dweams come twue!- AewoFudd
Stop dwaggin' my heawt awound... Stevie Fudds/Elmer Petty
I need a lovew that won't dwive me cwazy. Fudd Benataw
. . . wike pigs on de wing . . ." - Pink Fudd
" Bown fweeeee.... as fwee as the wind bwows ": Fuddy Williams ˛
Woxanne! you don't cawe if it's wwong ow it's wight.Wox..
. . . don't you know dat you awe a shooting staw . . ." Fudd Company
Geowgia, Geowgia, you'we awways on my mind . . ." - Ray Fudd
It bweaks my heawt to see those staws....Elmer Hyatt
... cest wa vie, when youw weaves aww tuwn to bwown-Emerson, Fudd & Palmer
...Smashing a pewfectwy goooood guitaw! Elmer Hyatt
Stop dwaggin' my heawt awound... Stevie Fudds/Elmer Petty
Shhh! be vewy quiet.  I'm hunting womulans.

Fun Things to do in an Elevator:

- Wave hands wildly at invisible flies buzzing around your head.
- Make race car noises when anyone gets on or off.
- Shave.
- Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask:
  "Got enough air in there?"
- Stand silent and motionless in the corner, facing the wall, without
  getting off.
- When arriving at your floor, grunt and strain to yank the doors
  open, then act embarrassed when they open by themselves.
- Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask
  them to call you Admiral.
- On the highest floor, hold the door open and demand that it stay open
  until you hear the penny you dropped down the shaft go "plink" at
  the bottom.
- Stare, grinning, at another passenger for a while, and then announce:
  "I've got new socks on!"
- When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: 
  "Oh, not now... motion sickness!"
- Bet the other passengers you can fit a quarter in your nose.
- Frown and mutter "gotta go, gotta go" then sigh and say "oops!"
- Show other passengers a wound and ask if it looks infected.
- Walk on with a cooler that says "human head" on the side.
- Stare at another passenger for a while, then announce "You're  one
  of THEM!" and move to the far corner of the elevator.
- Leave a box between the doors.
- Ask each passenger getting on if you can push the button for them.
- Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it.
- Start a sing-along.
- When the elevator is silent, look around and ask "is that your beeper?"
- Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the
  other passengers that this is your "personal space".
- Announce in a demonic voice: "I must find a more suitable host body".
- Carry a blanket and clutch it protectively.
- If anyone brushes against you, recoil and holler "Bad touch!"
- While the doors are opening, hurriedly whisper, "Hide it... quick!"
  then whistle innocently.

Funny Unix csh/sh commands:
===========================

% cat "food in cans"
cat: can't open food in cans

% nice man woman
No manual entry for woman.

% rm God
rm: God nonexistent

% ar t God
ar: God does not exist

% ar r God
ar: creating God

% "How would you rate Quayle's incompetence?
Unmatched ".

% [Where is Jimmy Hoffa?
Missing ].

% ^How did the sex change operation go?
^ Modifier failed.

% If I had a ( for every $ the Congress spent, what would I have?
Too many ('s.

% make love
Make: Don't know how to make love. Stop.

% sleep with me
bad character

% got a light?
No match.

% man: why did you get a divorce?
man:: Too many arguments.

% !:say, what is saccharine?
Bad substitute.

% %blow
%blow: No such job.

/* not csh but sh */
$ PATH=pretending!/usr/ucb/which sense
no sense in pretending!

$ drink <bottle; opener
bottle: cannot open
opener: not found

One day in the Garden of Eden, Eve calls out to God...

"Lord, I have a problem!"

"What's the problem, Eve?"

"Lord, I know you've created me and have provided this beautiful garden
and all of these wonderful animals, and that hilarious comedic snake,
but I'm just not happy."

"Why is that, Eve?" came the reply from above.

"Lord, I am lonely. And I'm sick to death of apples."

"Well, Eve, in that case, I have a solution. I shall create a man for
you."

"What's a 'man', Lord?"

"This man will be a flawed creature, with many bad traits. He'll lie,
cheat, and be vainglorious; all in all, he'll give you a hard time. 
But, he'll be bigger, faster, and will like to hunt and kill things. He
will look silly aroused, but since you've been complaining, I'll create
him in such a way that he will satisfy your, ah, physical needs. He'll
be witless and will revel in childish things like fighting and kicking
a ball about. He won't be too smart, so he'll also need your advice to
think properly."

"Sounds great," says Eve, with an ironically raised eyebrow.

"What's the catch, Lord?"

"Yeah, well... you can have him on one condition."

"What's that, Lord?"

"As I said, he'll be proud, arrogant, and self-admiring... So you'll
have to let him believe that I made him first... So, just remember...
it's our secret... Woman-to-woman!"

Good luck Mantra

The following is taken from a Nepalese Good Luck Mantra. Do not keep
this message. The mantra must leave your hands within 96 hours. You
will get a very pleasant surprise. This is true, even if you are not
superstitious.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR LIFE:

1. Take into account that great love and great achievements involve
   great risk.
2. When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
3. Follow the three Rs:
   * Respect for self
   * Respect for others and
   * Responsibility for all your actions.
4. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful
   stroke of luck.
5. Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly.
6. Don't let a little dispute injure a great friendship.
7. When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to
   correct it.
8. Spend some time alone.
9. Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.
10. Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
11. Live a good, honorable life. Then when you get older and think
    back, you'll be able to enjoy it a second time.
12. A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your
    life. Do all you can to create a tranquil, harmonious home.
13. In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current
    situation. Don't bring up the past.
14. Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality.
15. Be gentle with the earth.
16. Once a year, go someplace you've never been before.
17. Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love
    for each other exceeds your need for each other.
18. Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
19. Approach love and cooking with reckless abandon.

SEND THIS MANTRA E-MAIL TO AT LEAST 5 PEOPLE AND YOUR LIFE WILL IMPROVE.
0-4 people: Your life will improve slightly.
5-9 people: Your life will improve to your liking.
9-14 people: You will have at least 5 surprises in the next 3 weeks.
15 & above: Your life will improve drastically and everything you
            ever dreamed of will begin to take shape.



 ----------------------------------------------
 ...this was described to me as a "genuine" Mormon joke:
 
 A woman approached Brigham Young one day and started asking him a few
 questions.
 "You are Brigham Young?"
 "I am."
 "The leader of the Mormon Church?"
 "I am."
 "The man who claims all other Christian traditions save Mormonism are false?"
 "I am."
 The woman starts to get noticeably disturbed.
 "The man who believes in polygamy as appropriate conduct?"
 "I am."
 Her anger increases.
 "The man who has twenty-six wives?"
 "I am."
 This sends her into a full rage.
 "You, sir, should be hung!"
 "I am."




1.  Be nice to your kids.  They'll choose your nursing home.

2.  Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...

3.  There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.

4.  Sign on baby's bib: SPIT HAPPENS.

5.  Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?

6.  Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.

7.  Every morning is the dawn of a new error...

8.  A flying saucer results when a nudist spills his coffee.

9.  For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.

** 10. I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...

11. The beatings will continue until morale improves.

** 12. I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.

13. Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.

**** 14. Madness takes its toll.  Please have exact change.

15. Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.

*** 16. There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.

** 17. I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.

18. Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?

19. A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.

20. I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.

21. Don't be so open-minded your brains fall out.

** 22. If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!

23. Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a
rock.

24. Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.

25. If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?

26. If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.

27. If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.

28. Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.

29. It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.

30. Help Wanted: Telepath.  You know where to apply.

31. Look out for #1.  Don't step in #2.

32. Budget: A method for going broke methodically.

33. Car service:  If it ain't broke, we'll break it.

34. Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.

35. Do witches run spell checkers?

36. Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.

37. Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd.  All wights wesewved.

38. Dain bramaged.

39. Department of Redundancy Department

40. Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!

41. What has four legs and an arm?  A happy pit bull.

** 42. Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.

43. COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key

44. Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.

45.  2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.

46. Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.

47. Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.

48. My software never has bugs.  It just develops random features.

49. C:\WINDOWS C:\WINDOWS\GO C:\PC\CRAWL

50. C:\DOS   C:\DOS\RUN   RUN\DOS\RUN

** 51. <-------- The information went data way --------

52. Best file compression around:  "DEL *.*" = 100% compression

53. The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.

54. BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding

55. The name is Baud......, James Baud.

56. BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!

57. Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!

58. C:\> Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.

59. Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..

60. Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"

61. As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.

62. Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)

63. Backups? We don' *NEED* no steenking backups.

64. E Pluribus Modem

65. >... File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)

66. Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny

67. A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.

68. An error?  Impossible!  My modem is error correcting.

69. CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted:  Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?

70. Does fuzzy logic tickle?

71. A computer's attention span is as long as it's power cord.

72. 11th commandment - Covet not thy neighbor's Pentium.

*** 73. 24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?

** 74. Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.

75. Windows: Just another pane in the glass.

76. SENILE.COM found . . . Out Of Memory . . .

77. Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?

78. Ultimate office automation: networked coffee.

79. RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.

80. Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...

81. All computers wait at the same speed.

82. DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.

83. Press <CTRL>-<ALT>-<DEL> to continue ...

84. Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....

85. Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...

86. ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!

87. E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.

88. Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!

89. All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?

** 90. Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.

91. "640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981

92. DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS

93. Hidden DOS secret: add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS

94. Press any key... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!

95. Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...

96. Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.



Help Desk Horror

These are stories from help desks around the country.


At 03:37 on a Sunday, I had just looked at the clock to determine my
annoyance level, when I received a frantic phone call from a new user
of a Macintosh Plus. She had gotten her entire family out of the house
and was calling from her neighbour's. She had just received her first
system error and interpreted the picture of the bomb on the screen as a
warning that the computer was going to blow up.

---------------------------------------- 

Tech Support: "I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop."
Customer: "Ok."
Tech Support: "Did you get a pop-up menu?"
Customer: "No."
Tech Support: "Ok. Right click again. Do you see a pop-up menu?"
Customer: "No."
Tech Support: "Ok, sir. Can you tell me what you have done up until
               this point?"
Customer: "Sure, you told me to write 'click' and I wrote 'click'."
(At this point I had to put the caller on hold to tell the rest of the
tech support staff what had happened. I couldn't, however, stop from
giggling when I got back to the call.)
Tech Support: "Ok, did you type 'click' with the keyboard?"
Customer: "I have done something dumb, right?"

----------------------------------------

One woman called Dell's toll free line to ask how to install the
batteries in her laptop. When told that the directions were on the
first page of the manual the woman replied angrily, "I just paid $2,000
for this damn thing, and I'm not going to read the book."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I received the software update you sent, but I am still
           getting the same error message."
Tech Support: "Did you install the update?"
Customer: "No. Oh, am I supposed to install it to get it to work?"

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I'm having trouble installing Microsoft Word."
Tech Support: "Tell me what you've done."
Customer: "I typed 'A:SETUP'."
Tech Support: "Ma'am, remove the disk and tell me what it says."
Customer: "It says '[PC manufacturer] Restore and Recovery disk'."
Tech Support: "Insert the MS Word setup disk."
Customer: "What?"
Tech Support: "Did you buy MS word?"
Customer "No..."

----------------------------------------

Tech Support: "Ok, in the bottom left hand side of the screen, can you
               see the 'OK' button displayed?"
Customer: "Wow. How can you see my screen from there?"

----------------------------------------

Customer: "Uhh...I need help unpacking my new PC."
Tech Support: "What exactly is the problem?"
Customer: "I can't open the box."
Tech Support: "Well, I'd remove the tape holding the box closed and go
               from there."
Customer: "Uhhhh...ok, thanks...."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I'm having a problem installing your software.  I've got a
fairly old computer, and when I type 'INSTALL', all it says is 'Bad
command or file name'."
Tech Support: "Ok, check the directory of the A: drive--go to  A:> \
               and type 'dir'."
Customer reads off a list of file names, including 'INSTALL.EXE'.
Tech Support: "All right, the correct file is there.  Type 'INSTALL' again."
Customer: "Ok." (pause) "Still says 'Bad command or file name'."
Tech Support: "Hmmm. The file's there in the correct place -- it can't
help but do something. Are you sure you're typing I-N-S-T-A-L-L and
hitting the Enter key?
Customer: "Yes, let me try it again." (pause) "Nope, still 'Bad command
or file name'."
Tech Support: (now really confused) "Are you sure you're typing
I-N-S-T-A-L-L and hitting the key that says 'Enter'?"
Customer: "Well, yeah. Although my 'N' key is stuck, so I'm using the
'M' key...does that matter?

----------------------------------------

At our company we have asset numbers on the front of everything. They
give
the location, name, and everything else just by scanning the computer's
asset bar-code or using the number beneath the bars.

Customer: "Hello. I can't get on the network."
Tech Support: "Ok. Just read me your asset number so we can open an
outage."
Customer: "What is that?"
Tech Support: "That little bar-code on the front of  your computer."
Customer: "Ok. Big bar, little bar, big bar, big bar . . ."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I got this problem. You people sent me this install disk, and
now my A: drive won't work."
Tech Support: "Your A drive won't work?"
Customer: "That's what I said. You sent me a bad disk, it got stuck in
my drive, now it won't work at all."
Tech Support: "Did it not install properly? What kind of error messages
did you get?"
Customer: "I didn't get any error message. The disk got stuck in the
drive and wouldn't come out. So I got these pliers and tried to get it
out. That didn't work either."
Tech Support: "You did what sir?"
Customer: "I got these pliers, and tried to get the disk out, but it
wouldn't budge. I just ended up cracking the plastic stuff a bit."
Tech Support: "I don't understand sir, did you push the eject button?"
Customer: "No, so then I got a stick of butter and melted it and used a
turkey baster and put the butter in the drive, around the disk, and
that got it loose. Then I used the pliers and it came out fine. I can't
believe you would send me a disk that was broke and defective."
Tech Support: "Let me get this clear. You put melted butter in your A:
drive and used pliers to pull the disk out?"
At this point, I put the call on the speaker phone and motioned at the
other techs to listen in.
Tech Support: "Just so I am absolutely clear on this, can you repeat
what you just said?"
Customer: "I said I put butter in my A: drive to get your crappy disk
out, then I had to use pliers to pull it out."
Tech Support: "Did you push that little button that was sticking out
when the disk was in the drive, you know, the thing called the disk
eject button?"
Silence.
Tech Support: "Sir?"
Customer: "Yes."
Tech Support: "Sir, did you push the eject button?"
Customer: "No, but you people are going to fix my computer, or I am
going to sue you for breaking my computer?"
Tech Support: "Let me get this straight. You are going to sue our
company because you put the disk in the A: drive, didn't follow the
instructions we sent you, didn't actually seek professional advice,
didn't consult your user's manual on how to use your computer properly,
instead proceeding to pour butter into the drive and physically rip the
disk out?"
Customer: "Ummmm."
Tech Support: "Do you really think you stand a chance, since we do
record every call and have it on tape?"
Customer: (now rather humbled) "But you're supposed to help!"
Tech Support: "I am sorry sir, but there is nothing we can do for you.
Have a nice day."


 
          How to tell if you might be a "high tech redneck"
 
 
 If your e-mail address ends in ".over.yonder.com"
 
 If you connect to the World Wide Web via a "Down Home Page"
 
 If the bumper sticker on your truck says "My other computer is a laptop"
 
 If your laptop has a sticker that says "Protected by Smith and Wesson"
 
 If you've ever doubled the value of your truck by installing a cellular
 phone.
 
 If your baseball cap read "DEC" instead of "CAT"
 
 If your computer is worth more than all your cars combined
 
 If your wife said "either he or the computer had to go", and you still
 don't miss her
 
 If you've ever used a CD-ROM as a coaster to set your beer on
 
 If you ever refer to your computer as "Ole Bessy"
 
 If your screen saver is a bitmap image of your favorite truck, tractor, or
 farm animal
 
 If you start all your e-mails with the words "Howdy y'all"
 

Are You a Real Guy?

Take This Scientific Quiz to Determine Your "Guyness" Quotient


1. Alien beings from a highly advanced society visit the Earth,
   and you are the first human they encounter. As a token of
   intergalactic friendship, they present you with a small but
   incredibly sophisticated device that is capable of curing all
   disease, providing an infinite supply of clean energy, wiping
   out hunger and poverty, and permanently eliminating oppression
   and violence all over the entire Earth.  You decide to:

   a. Present it to the president of the United States.
   b. Present it to the secretary general of the United Nations.
   c. Take it apart.


2. As you grow older, what lost quality of your youthful life do
you miss the most?

a. Innocence.
b. Idealism.
c. Cherry bombs.


3. When is it okay to kiss another male?
   a. When you wish to display simple and pure affection without
      regard for narrow-minded social conventions.
   b. When he is the pope. (Not on the lips.)
   c. When he is your brother and you are Al Pacino and this is the
      only really sportsmanlike way to let him know that, for business
      reasons, you have to have him killed.


4. What about hugging another male?
    a. If he's your father and at least one of you has a fatal disease.
    b. If you're performing the Heimlich maneuver. (And even in this
       case, you should repeatedly shout: "I am just dislodging food
       trapped in this male's trachea! I am not in any way aroused!")
    c. If you're a professional baseball player and a teammate hits
       a home run to win the World Series, you may hug him provided that
       (1) He is legally within the basepath, (2) Both of you are wear-
       ing protective cups, and (3) You also pound him fraternally with
       your fist hard enough to cause fractures.


5. Complete this sentence: A funeral is a good time to...
   a. ...remember the deceased and console his loved ones.
   b. ...reflect upon the fleeting transience of earthly life.
   c. ...tell the joke about the guy who has Alzheimer's disease and
          cancer.


6. In your opinion, the ideal pet is:
   a. A cat.
   b. A dog.
   c. A dog that eats cats.


7. You have been seeing a woman for several years.  She's attractive
   and intelligent, and you always enjoy being with her.  One
   leisurely Sunday afternoon the two of you are taking it easy--
   you're watching a football game; she's reading the papers--when
   she suddenly, out of the clear blue sky, tells you that she thinks
   she really loves you, but she can no longer bear the uncertainty
   of not knowing where your relationship is going.  She says she's
   not asking whether you want to get married; only whether you
   believe that you have some kind of future together.  What do you
   say?

a. That you sincerely believe the two of you do have a future,
   but you don't want to rush it.
b. That although you also have strong feelings for her, you
   cannot honestly say that you'll be ready anytime soon to make a
   lasting commitment, and you don't want to hurt her by holding out
   false hope.
c. That you cannot believe the Jets called a draw play on third
   and seventeen.


8. Okay, so you have decided that you truly love a woman and you
   want to spend the rest of your life with her-sharing the joys and
   the sorrows, the triumphs and the tragedies, and all the
   adventures and opportunities that the world has to offer, come
   what may. How do you tell her?

a. You take her to a nice restaurant and tell her after dinner.
b. You take her for a walk on a moonlit beach, and you say her
   name, and when she turns to you, with the sea breeze blowing her
   hair and the stars in her eyes, you tell her.
c. Tell her what?


9. One weekday morning your wife wakes up feeling ill and asks
you to get your three children ready for school. Your first
question to her is:

a. "Do they need to eat or anything?"
b.     "They're in school already?"
c. "There are three of them?"


10. When is it okay to throw away a set of veteran underwear?
   a. When it has turned the color of a dead whale and developed new
      holes so large that you're not sure which ones were originally
      intended for your legs.
   b. When it is down to eight loosely connected underwear molecules
      and has to be handled with tweezers.
   c.  It is never okay to throw away veteran underwear.  A real guy
       checks the garbage regularly in case somebody--and we are not
       naming names, but this would be his wife--is quietly trying to
       discard his underwear, which she is frankly jealous of, because
       the guy seems to have a more intimate relationship with it than
       with her.


11. What, in your opinion, is the most reasonable explanation for
the fact that Moses led the Israelites all over the place for
forty years before they finally got to the Promised Land?

a. He was being tested.
b. He wanted them to really appreciate the Promised Land when
they finally got there.
c. He refused to ask directions.

12. What is the human race's single greatest achievement?
a. Democracy.
b. Religion.
c. Remote control.


How to Score:  Give yourself one point for every time you picked
answer "c."  A real guy would score at least 10 on this test.  In
fact, a real guy would score at least 15, because he would get the
special five-point bonus for knowing the joke about the guy who has
Alzheimer's disease and cancer.


 
 Why do men like love at first sight?
        It saves them a lot of time.
 
 A woman of 35 thinks of having children.  What does a man of 35 think
 of?
        Dating children.
 
 How can you tell soap operas are fictional?
         In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed.
 
   What should you give a man who has everything?
         A woman to show him how to work it.
 
 Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating?
         To stop the snoring before it starts.
 
 Why don't men have mid-life crises?
         They stay stuck in adolescence.
 
 How does a man show he's planning for the future?
       He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
 
  How was Colonel Sanders a typical male?
       All he cared about were legs, breasts, and thighs.
 
  How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus?
       At the circus the clowns don't talk.
 
 What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying?
         The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention
     of driving.
 
  What do you do with a bachelor who thinks he's God's gift?
        Exchange him.
 
 Why do bachelors like smart women?
       Opposites attract.
 
 Why are husbands like lawn mowers?
        They're hard to get started, emit foul odors, and don't work half
        the time.
 
 What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
       After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
 
  Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera?
 Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
 
 Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
        Breasts don't have eyes.
 
  What is the thinnest book in the world?
       What Men Know About Women
 
  How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
   One.  Men will screw anything!
 
  What's a man's idea of foreplay?
         A half hour of begging.
 
  How can you tell if a man is sexually excited?
         He's breathing.
 
  What's the difference between men and government bonds?
        Bonds mature.
 
  How do you save a man from drowning?
      Take your foot off his head.
 
  Why are blonde jokes so short?
        So men can remember them.
 
  What do men and beer bottles have in common?
     They're both empty from the neck up.
 
 How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?
      We don't know-it's never happened.
 

A Grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it
almost pays to be one.
                        --Kin Hubbard--

If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament!
                        --Florynce Kennedy--

Admiration:  Our polite recognition of another's
             resemblance to ourselves.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Advertising may be described as the science of
arresting human intelligence long enough to
get money from it.
                        --Stephen Leacock--

Advertising is 85 percent confusion and
15 percent commission.
                        --Fred Allen--

Advertising is a valuable economic factor because
it is the cheapest way of seeling goods, particularly
if the goods are worthless.
                        --Sinclair Lewis--

Advertising is legalized lying.
                        --H. G. Wells--

An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks
as much as you do.
                        --Dylan Thomas--

Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging
alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only
in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
                        --P. G. Wodehouse--

Every major horror of history was committed in the name
of an altruistic motive.  Has any act of selfishness
ever equalled the carnage perpetrated by disciples
of altruism?
                        --Ayan Rand--

In our country we have those three unspeakably
precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of
conscience, and the prudence never to practice
either.
                        --Mark Twain--

In America sex is an obsession, in other parts of
the world it is a fact.
                        --Marlene Dietrich--

America is the greatest of opportunities and the
worst of influences.
                        --George Santayana--

The discovery of America was the occasion of the
greatest outburst of cruelty and reckless greed
known in history.
                        --Joseph Conrad--

The genius of you Americans is that you never
make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated
stupid moves which make us wonder at the possi-
bility that there may be something to them which
we are missing.
                        --Gamal Abdel Nasser--

Animals have these advantages over man: they
have no theologians to instruct them, their
funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts
lawsuits over their wills.
                        --Voltaire--

There is no underestimating the intelligence
of the American public.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Democracy is the are of running the circus
from the monkey cage.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Perhaps the most revolting character that the United
States ever produced was the Christian business man.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with New York is that it has no
nationality at all.  It is simply a sort of free port --
a place where the raw materials of civilization are
received, sorted out, and sent further on.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Texas is the place where there are the most cows and
the least milk and the most rivers and the least
water in them, and where you can look the farthest
and see the least.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of
being sooner ended.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't under-
stand that bother me, it's the parts that I do
understand.
                        --Mark Twain--

So far as I can remember, there is not one word
in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
                        --Bertrand Russell--

Scriptures....The sacred books of our holy religion,
as distinguished from the false and profane writings
on which all other faiths are based.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

The inspiration of the Bible depends on the ignorance
of the person who reads it.
                        --Robert G. Ingersoll--

No one recovers from the disease of being born; a
deadly wound if there ever was one.
                        --E. M. Cioran--

The trouble with born-again Christians is that they
are an even bigger pain the second time around.
                        --Herb Caen--

He's a born-again Christian.  The trouble is, he
suffered brain damage during rebirth.
                        --Anonymous--

The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forebearance among men.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Boyys are capital fellows in their own way, among their
mages; but they are unwholesome companions for grown people.
                        --Charles Lamb--

It's silly to go on pretending that under the skin
we are all brothers.  The truth is more likely that
under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins,
traitors, liars and hypocrites.
                        --Henry Miller--

Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
                        --Honore' De Balzac--

Chastity: the most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
                        --Aldous Huxley--

Chastity always takes its toll.  In some it produces
pimples; in others, sex laws.
                        --Karl Kraus--

One of the serious obstacles to the improvement
of our race is indiscrimiate charity.
                        --Andrew Carnegie--

Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people
believe they are doing something very clever when
they are only wasting their time.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence
as you can find outside an advertising agency.
                        --Raymond Chandler--

There are three terrible ages of childhood -- 1 to
10, 10 to 20, and 20 to 30.
                        --Cleveland Amory--

The secret of dealing successfully with a child
is not to be its parent.
                        --Mell Lazarus--

The best way to keep children at home is to make
the home atmosphere pleasant -- and let the air
out of the tires.       --Dorothy Parker--

A child is a curly, dimpled lunatic.
                        --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

We are given children to test us and make us
more spiritual.         --George F. Will--

Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his
martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?
                        --Jules Feiffer--

If Christ were here now there is one thing he
would not be -- A Christian.
                        --Mark Twain--

The last Christian died on the cross.
                        --Anonymous--

Organized Christianity has probably done more to
retard the ideals that were its founder's than
any other agency in the world.
                        --Richard LeGallienne--

Of learned men, the clergy show the lowest development
of professional ethics.  Any pastor is free to steal
customers from the divines of rival sects, and to
denounce the divines themselves as theological quacks.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A clergyman is one who feels himself called upon to
live without working at the expense of the rascals
who work to live.       --Voltaire--

Communism is like one big phone company.
                        --Lenny Bruce--

It could probably be shown be facts and figures that there
is no distinctively native American criminal class --
except Congress.        --Mark Twain--

Conservative......A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as
                  distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to
                  replace them with others.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
                        --Nietzsche--

Corporation......An ingenious device for obtaining individual
                 profit without individual responsibility.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how its done,
they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it
themselves.             --Brendan Behan--

Critics are a dissembling, dishonest, contemptible
race.  Asking a working writer wht he thinks about
critics is likd asking a fire plug what it feels
about dogs.             --John Osborne--

The power of accurate observation is commonly called
cynicism by those who have not got it.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy encourages the majority to decide things
about which the majority is blissfully ignorant.
                        --John Simon--

The substitution of election by the incompetent many
for appointment by the corrupt few properly describes
the institution of Democracy.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy becomes a government of bullies, barely
tempered by editors.    --Laurence J. Peters--

One of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis.
                        --Karl Kraus--

Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only
difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas
doctors rob you and kill you too.
                        --Anton Chekhov--

Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made
stupid by education.    --Bertrand Russell--

We are shut up in schools and college recitation
rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at
last with a bellyful of words and do not know
a thing.                --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

Education is a method whereby one acquires a
higher grade of prejudices.
                        --Laurence J. Peter--

Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on
earth can ever turn it into a fact.
                        --Honore' de Balzac--

We learn from experience that men never learn
anything from experience.  -- Oscar Wilde--

No one is completely unhappy at the failure of
his best friend.        --Groucho Marx--

Faith.....Belief without evidence inwhat is told by
          one sho speaks without knowledge, of things
          without parallel.  --Ambrose Bierce--

Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief
in the occurrence of the improbable.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows
that faith does not prove anything.
                        --Nietzsche--

The most common of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of
mankind.                --H. L. Mencken--

When I can no longer bear to think of the
victims of broken homes, I begin to think of the
victims of intact ones.   --Peter DeVries--

Always forgive your enemies -- Nothing annoys them so much.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

France is th only couontry where the money falls
apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.
                        --Billy Wilder--

What I gained by being in France was learning to
be better satisfied with my own country.
                        --Samual Johnson--

France?  I would have loved it -- without the French.
                        --D. H. Lawrence--

When people are free to do as they please, they
usually imitate each other.   --Eric Hoffer--

Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of
leisure activity.       --Mortimer Adler--

If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot
stomping on a human face -- forever.
                        --George Orwell--

"Gay" used to be one of the most agreeable words in
the language.  Its appropriation by a notably morose
group is an act of piracy.
                        --Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.--

When a true genius appears in the world you may
know him by this sign:  that all the dunces are
in confederacy against him.  --Jonathon Swift--

Gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors
after the money is gone.   --John Ciardi--

The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
                        --Stendhal--

God seems to have left the receiver off the hook
and time is running out.   --Arthur Koestler--

It takes a long while for a naturally trustful person
to reconcile himself to the idea that after all God
will not help him.      --H. L. Mencken--

He (God) seems to have an inordinate fondness for beetles.
                        --J. B. S. Haldane--

The good die young -- because they see it's no use living
if you've got to be good.    --John Barrymore--

On the whole, human beings want to be good, but
not too good and not quite all the time.
                        --George Orwell--

It is almost impossible systematically to constitue a natural
moral law.  Nature has no principles.  She furnishes us with
no reason to believe that human life is to be respected.
Nature, in her indifference, makes no disctinction between
good and evil.          --Anatole France--

Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of
a good example.         --Mark Twain--

A government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top.
                        --James Reston--

Every government is run by liars and nothing they say
should be believed.     --I. F. Stone--

In general, the art of government consists in taking
as much money as possible from one class of the
citizens to give to the other.   --Voltaire--
Also a good definition of the Democratic Party.

Government is an association of men who do violence
to the rest of us.      --Leo Tolstoy--

Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
                        --Anonymous--

History is a set of lies agreed upon.
                        --Napoleon Bonaparte--

History repeats itself; that's one of the things that's
wrong with history.     --Clarence Darrow--

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
                        --G. F. Wilhelm Hegel--

On the whole history tends to be rather poor fiction --
except at its best.     --Gore Vidal--

An historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

History would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Holidays are an expensive trial of strength.  The only
satisfaction comes from survival.   --Jonathan Miller--

The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an
Empire.                 --Voltaire--

Hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it
prolongs the torments of man.    --Nietzsche--

There are times when you hav to choose between being human
and having good taste.  --Bertoldt Brecht--

It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the
evil spirit of man.     --Albert Einstein--

No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds
that it was human nature.    --A. A. Milne--

If I could get my membership fee back, I'd resign
from the human race.    --Fred Allen--

The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race
is the human race.      --Don Marquis--

Humility is no substitue for a good personality.
                        --Fran Lebowitz--

When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport;
when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

A sportsman is a man who, every now and then, simply
has to go out and kill something.   --Stephen Leacock--

The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost
wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end
of the gun.             --P. G. Wodehouse--

A husband is wha't left of the lover once the nerve
has been extracted.     --Helen Rowland--

An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
                        --Michael Korda--

Impiety....Your irreverence toward my deity.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Insanity.....A perfectly rational adjustment to the
             insane world.   --R. D. Laing--

Ireland has the honor of being the only country which never
persecuted the Jews -- because whe never let any in.
                        --James Joyce--

I showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual Irish
way by getting out of it as soon as I possibly could.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

The Irish are a fair people -- they never speak well of
one another.            --Samual Johnson--

The Jews are a frightened people.  Twenty centuries of
Christian love have broken down their nerves.
                        --Israel Zangwill--

There is much to be said in favor of modern journalism.  By
giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in
touch with the ignorance of the community.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Justice.....A commodity which in a more or less adulterated
           condition the State sells to the citizen as a
           reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal
           service.     --Ambrose Bierce--

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you
are a conqueror.  Kill everyone and you are a God.
                        --Jean Rostand-

Every law is and infraction of liberty.
                        --Jeremy Bentham--

Lawyer.....One skilled in the circumvention of the law.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Lawyer.....One who protects us against robbery by taking
           away the temptation.      --H. L Mencken--

Layers are the only person in whom ignorance of the law
is not punished.        --Jeremy Bentham--

If law school is so hard to get through....how come there
are so many lawyers?    --Calvin Trillin--

Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
                        --Charles Lamb--

Lawyers are ... operators of the toll bridge which anyone
in search of justice must cross.
                        --Jane Bryant Quinn--

Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting
before you get tired.   --Jules Renard--

It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless
of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
                        --Jerome K. Jerome--

The liberals can understand everything but people who
don't understand them.  --Lenny Bruce--

Liberal......A power worshipper without power.
                        --George Orwell--

A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake
at the moment.          --Willis Player--

A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own
side in a quarrel.      --Robert Frost--

Liberty means responsibility; that is why most men
dread it.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does
in speeches.            --Will Rogers--

Life does not cease to be funny when people die and more than it
ceases to be serious when people laugh.  --George Bernard Shaw--

Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luch, a good physique and
not too much imagination.   --Christopher Isherwood--

Love is the most subtle form of self-interest.
                        --Holbrook Jackson--

Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying
the whole girl.         --Stephen Leacock--

It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them
too well.               --Charles Bukowski--

What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that
requires an accomplice.  --Charles Baudelaire--

When two people are under the influence of the most
violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient
of passions, they are required to swear that they will
remain in htat excited, abnormal and exhausting condition
until death do them part.    --George Bernard Shaw--

Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become
famous without ability.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love!
                        --Woody Allen--

When it is a question of money, everybody is of
the same religion.      --Voltaire--

Virtue has Never been as respectable as money.
                        --Mark Twain--

Go into the street and give one man a lecture on morality and
another a dollar, and see which will respect you most.
                        --Samuel Johnson--

If you must choose between living with your mother-in-law
and blowing your brains out, don't hesitate -- blow out hers!
                        --Victorien Sardou--

Obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and
ignorant magistrate.    --Bertrand Russell--

Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
                        --Anonymous--

The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible
worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
                        --J. Robert Oppenheimer--

A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
                        --William Burroughs--

The only people who seem to have nothing to do with the
education of the children are the parent.
                        --G. K. Chesterton--

Patience........A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for
trivial reasons.        --Bertrand Russell--

When you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it
is a sign he expects to get paid for it.   --H. L. Mencken--

Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.   --Oscar Wilde--

When there are two conflicting versions of the story,
the wise course is to believe the one in which people
appear at their worst.  --H. Allen Smith--

Pessimist....One who, when he has the choice of two evils,
             chooses both.    --Oscar Wilde--

A pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and
hates them for it.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Philosophy teaches us to bear with equanimity the misfortunes
of others.              --Oscar Wilde--

The photographer is like the cod, which produces a million
eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Politeness.........The most acceptable hypocrisy.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

One has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a murderer, to be a
politician, ready and willing to see people sacrificed,
slaughtered, for the sake of an idea, whether a good one
or a bad one.           --Henry Miller--

Take our politicians:  they're a bunch of yo-yos.  The
Presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest
and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches
the first prize.        --Saul Bellow--

Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two
years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted
with the office.        --David Broder--

Politics....Strife of interests masquerading as a contest
            of principles.   --Ambrose Bierce--

The standard of intellect in politics is lo low, men of
moderate mental capacity have to stoop to reach it.
                        --Hillaire Belloc--

All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
                        --James Reston--

Pray......To ask the laws of the universe be annulled on
          behalf of a single petitioner who confesses his
          unworthiness.   --Ambrose Bierce--

I don't like principles.  I prefer prejudices.  They are more
honest.                 --Oscar Wilde--

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.    --William James--

Psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel they're complex.
                        --S. N. Behrman--

Freud is the father of psychoanalysis.  It has no mother.
                        --Germaine Greer--

One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to
avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that
goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecesssary
tyranny.                --Bertrand Russell--

Ther is only one honest impulse at the bottom of Puritanical
religion, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a
superior capacity for happiness.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're
still a rat.            --Lily Tomlin--

Ronald Reagan.....A Triumph of the embalmer's art.
                        --Gore Vidal--

All reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in
houses just as big as they can pay for.
                        --Logan Pearsall Smith--

Relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got
the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct
about when to die.      --Oscar Wilde--

All religions are founded on the fear of the many
and the the cleverness of the few.   --Stendahl--

Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
                        --Elias Canetti--

The idea of a good society is something you do not need a
religion and eternal puhishment to buttress; you need a
religion if you are terrified of death.    --Gore Vidal--

Randomness scares people.  Religion is a way to explain
randomness.             --Fran Lebowitz--

Religion is the fashinonable substitue for belief.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in hte
sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his
wife is beautiful and his children smart.   --H. L. Mencken--

Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for
it trains people as to how they shall think.
                        --Arthur Schopenhauer--

Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that
that survived.          --Oscar Wilde--

We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough
to make us love one another.    --Jonathan Swift--

Ther was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I
am old, there is not respect for age.  I missed it coming and
going.                  --J. B. Priestley--

The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the
slime of a new bureaucracy.      --Franz Kafka--

Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich and powerful
Know he is.             --Jean Anouilh--

Any preoccupation with ideas of what is right and wrong in
conduct shows and arrested intellectual development.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

If Geraldo Rivera is the first journalist in space, NASA can
test the effect of weightlessness on weightlessness.
                        --Anonymous but I wish I said it--

Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing
people who can't talk for people who can't read.
                        --Frank Zappa--

Romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake,
and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of
our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles.
                        --Beverly Jones--

The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a
market award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a
warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
                        --John Kenneth Galbraith--

School days, I believe, are the unhappiest in the whole span of
human existence.  They are full of dull, unintelligible tasks, new
and unpleasant ordinances, with brutal violations of common sense
and common decency.     --H. L. Mencken--

Self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without
blushing.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Sex.......The Pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and
          expense damnable.      --Lord Chesterfield--

Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.    --Woody Allen--

I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
                        --Wilson Mizner--

Smoking is, as far as I am concerned, the entire point of being an
adult.  Many people find smoking objectionable.  I myself find many
--even more-- things objectionable.  I do not like aftershave
lotion, adults who roller-skate, children who speak French, or
nayone who is unduly tan.  I do not, however, go around enacting
legislation and putting up signs.       --Fran Lebowitz--

Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
                        --Karl Kraus--

If you attack stupidity you attack an entrenched interest with
friends in government and every walk of public life, and you will
make small progress against it.       --Samual Marchbanks--

Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                        --Gore Vidal--

A Sunday School is a prison in which children so penance for
the evil conscience of their parents.   -- H. L. Mencken --

Like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it
deserves.               --J. B. Priestley--

I have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of
a thick forest.  Up comes a theologian and blows it out.
                        --Dennis Diderot--

Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an
international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a
week.                   --George Bernard Shaw--

People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they
have a right to ours.  The inference is false; a gift confers no
rights.                 --Nietzsche--

As long as war is looked upon as wicked, it will always have its
fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be
popular.                --Oscar Wilde--

Human war has been the most successful of our cultural traditions.
                        --Robert Ardrey--

As far as unwed mothers on welfare are concerned, it seems to me
they must be capable of some other form of labor.   --Al Capp--

I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish.  The wicked sometimes
rest.                   --Alexandre Dumas--

Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the
curious attractiveness of others.    --Oscar Wilde--

Women are like elephants to me -- I like to look at 'em, but I
would'nt want to own one.         --W. C. Fields--

The history of woman is the history of the worst form of tyranny the
world has every known; the tyranny of the weak over the strong.  It
is the only tyranny that lasts.         --Oscar Wilde--

In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
                        --Frank Zappa--

If the world were a logical place, Men would ride side-saddle.
                        --Rita Mae Brown--

The young always have the same problem -- how to rebel and conform
at the same time.  They have now solved this by defying their
parents and copying one another.         --Quentin Crisp--

What is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to
be seen?                --Evelyn Waugh--

Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any
quicker than the Christmas spirit.        --Kin Hubbard--

For Women Only
==============

A group of girlfriends is on vacation, when they see a 5-story hotel
with a sign that reads "For Women Only". Since they were without their
boyfriends or parents, they decide to go in.

The Bouncer, a very attractive guy, explains to them how it works. "We
have 5 floors... go up floor by floor, and once you find what you are
looking for, you can stay there. It's easy to decide, since each floor
has signs telling you what's inside".

So they start going up, and on the first floor the sign reads, "All the
men here have it short and thin". The friends laugh and without
hesitation move on to the next floor.

The sign on the Second floor read, "All the men here have it long and
thin". Still, this wasn't good enough so the friends move up to the
Third floor.

The sign read, "All the men here have it short and thick". This was
still another disappointment, but knowing there are still 2 floors
left, they move on to the next floor.

On the Fourth floor, the sign was perfect: "All the men here have it
long and thick". The women get all excited and are going in when they
realize that there is one floor left. Wondering what they were missing,
they go to the Fifth floor.

The sign reads, "There are no men here. This floor was built only to
prove that there is no way to please a woman".

       HOW TO BE ANNOYING

1. Adjust the tint on your tv so that all the people are green, and
   insist to others that you "like it that way".

2. Drum on every available surface.

4. Sing the Batman theme incessantly.

5. Staple papers in the middle of the page.

6. Ask 0800 operators for dates.

7. Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copy warnings.

8. Sew anti-theft detector strips into people's backpacks.

9. Hide dairy products in inaccessible places.

10.Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page.

11.Specify that your drive-through order is "to go".

12.Set alarms for random times.

13.Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public
   consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."

14.Buy large quantities of mint dental floss just to lick the flavor off.

15.Leave your Nine Inch Nails tape in Great Uncle Ed's stereo, with the
   volume properly adjusted.

16.Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a "croaking" noise.

17.Honk and wave to strangers.

18.Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange.

19.Change channels five minutes before the end of every show.

20.Tape pieces of "Sweating to the Oldies" over climactic parts of
   rental movies.

21.Wear your pants backwards.

22.Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their
   complementary mints by the cash register.

23.Begin all your sentences with "ooh la la!"

24.Rouse your roommate from slumber each morning with the song
   "Baby baluga".

25.Leave someones printer in compressed-italic-cyrillic-landscape mode.

26.ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE.

27.only type in lowercase.

28.dont use any punctuation either

29.Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole
   streets.

30.Pay for your dinner with pennies.

31.Tie jingle bells to all your clothes.

32.Repeat everything someone says, as a question.

33.Write "X - BURIED TREASURE" in random spots on all of someone's
   roadmaps.

34.Inform everyone you meet of your personal Kennedy assasination/UFO/
   OJ Simpson conspiracy theories.

35.Repeat the following conversation a dozen times:
    "Do you hear that?"
    "What?"
    "Never mind, it's gone now."

36.Light road flares on a birthday cake.

37.Wander around the restaurant, asking other diners for their parsley.

38.Leave tips in Bolivian currency.

39.Demand that everyone address you as "Conquistador".

40.Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly.

41.At the laundromat, use one dryer for each of your socks.

43.When Christmas carolling, sing "Jingle Bells, Batman smells" until
   physically restrained.

44.Wear a cape that says "Magnificent One".

45.As much as possible, skip rather than walk.

46.Stand over someone's shoulder, mumbling, as they read.

47.Finish the 99 bottles of beer song.

48.Sing the "This is the song that never ends..." song.  (Ya know, Lamb
   Chops?)

49.Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.

50.Pretend your mouse is a CB radio, and talk to it.

51.Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of
   your chin.

52.When nearly done, announce "no, wait, I messed it up", and repeat.

53.Drive half a block.

54.Name your dog "Dog".

55. Inform others that they exist only in your imagination.

56.Ask people what gender they are.

57.Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think."

58.Lick the filling out of all the Oreos, and place the cookie parts
   back in the tray.

59.Cultivate a Norwegian accent.  If Norwegian, affect a Southern Drawl.

60.Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was
   a "real hoot".

61.Routinely handcuff yourself to furniture, informing the curious that
   you don't want to fall off "in case the big one comes".

62.Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch
   with a can of Lysol.

63.Deliberately hum songs that will remain lodged in co-workers' brains,
   such as "Feliz Navidad", the Archies' "Sugar" or the Mr.  Rogers
   theme song.

64.While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a
   parakeet.

65.Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day.

66.Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.

67.Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September.

68.Change your name to John Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being
   first in the phone book.  Claim it's a Hawaiian name, and demand that
   people pronounce each A.

69.Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see
   if they slow down.

70.Chew on pens that you've borrowed.

71.Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people
   play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.

72.Wear a LOT of cologne.

73.Ask to "interface" with someone.

74.Listen to 33rpm records at 45rpm speed, and claim the faster speed
   is necessary because of your "superior mental processing".

75.Sing along at the opera.

76.Mow your lawn with scissors.

77.At a golf tournament, chant "swing-batatatatatata-suhWING-batter!"

78.Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with
   prophesy".

79.Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your "imaginary friend".

80.Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem doesn't rhyme.

81.Ask your co-workers mysterious questions, and scribble their answers
   in a notebook.  Mutter something about "psychological profiles".

82.Incessantly recite annoying phrases, such as "sticky wicket isn't
   cricket".

83.Stare at static on the tv and claim you can see a "magic picture".

84.Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times.

85.Scuff your feet on a dry, shaggy carpet and seek out victims.

86.Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing
   awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any
   moment.

87 Never make eye contact.

88.Never break eye contact.

89.Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your
   ears.

90.Construct elaborate "crop circles" in your front lawn.

91.Construct your own pretend "tricorder", and "scan" people with it,
   announcing the results.

92.Give a play-by-play account of a person's every action in a nasal
   Howard Cossell voice.

93.Holler random numbers while someone is counting.

94.Make appointments for the 31st of September.

95.Remove the third item from every list

96.Send fifty copies of this list to everyone you know.

NOTICE OF REVOCATION OF INDEPENDENCE

To the citizens of the United States of America;

In the light of your failure to elect a President of the USA and thus
to govern yourselves, we hereby give notice of the revocation of your
independence, effective today.

Her Sovereign Majesty Queen Elizabeth II will resume monarchical duties
over all states, commonwealths and other territories, except Utah,
which she does not fancy. Your new prime minister (The Rt. Hon. Tony
Blair, MP for the 97.85% of you who until now have not been aware that
there is a world outside your borders) will appoint a minister for
America without the need for further elections. Congress and the Senate
will be disbanded. A questionnaire will be circulated next year to
determine whether any of you noticed.

To aid in the transition to a British Crown Dependency, the following
rules are introduced with immediate effect:

1. You should look up "revocation" in the Oxford English Dictionary.
Then look up "aluminium". Check the pronunciation guide. You will be
amazed at just how incorrectly you have been pronouncing it. Generally,
you should raise your vocabulary to acceptable levels. Look up
"vocabulary". Using the same twenty-seven words interspersed with
filler noises such as "like" and "you know" is an unacceptable and
inefficient form of communication. Look up "interspersed".

2. There is no such thing as "US English". We will let Microsoft know
on your behalf.

3. You should learn to distinguish the English and Australian accents.
It really isn't that hard.

4. Hollywood will be required occasionally to cast English actors as
the good guys.

5. You should relearn your original national anthem, "God Save The
Queen", but only after fully carrying out task 1. We would not want you
to get confused and give up half way through.

6. You should stop playing American "football". There is only one kind
of football. What you refer to as American "football" is not a very
good game. The 2.15% of you who are aware that there is a world outside
your borders may have noticed that no one else plays "American"
football. You will no longer be allowed to play it, and should instead
play proper football.

Initially, it would be best if you played with the girls. It is a
difficult game. Those of you brave enough will, in time, be allowed to
play rugby (which is similar to American "football", but does not
involve stopping for a rest every twenty seconds or wearing full kevlar
body armour like nancies). We are hoping to get together at least a US
rugby sevens side by 2005.

7. You should declare war on Quebec and France, using nuclear weapons
if they give you any merde. The 97.85% of you who were not aware that
there is a world outside your borders should count yourselves lucky. 
The Russians have never been the bad guys. "Merde" is French for
"sh*t".

8. July 4th is no longer a public holiday. November 8th will be a new
national holiday, but only in England. It will be called "Indecisive
Day".

9. All American cars are hereby banned. They are cr*p and it is for
your own good. When we show you German cars, you will understand what
we mean.

10. Please tell us who killed JFK. It's been driving us crazy for
almost forty years.

Thank you for your cooperation.

What is your horoscope?


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) - You are truthful and virtuous. On
the other hand, you are inclined to be careless and impractical,
causing you to make the same mistakes repeatedly. Everyone thinks
you are a fucking jerk.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) - You have a vivid imagination and
often think you are being followed by the FBI or CIA. You have a
minor influence over your friends and people resent you for
flaunting your power. You lack confidence and are generally a
coward. Pisces people screw small animals and pick their noses a
lot.

ARIES (Mar. 21 - April 19) - You are a pioneer type and hold most
people in contempt. You are quick-tempered, impatient and
scornful of advice. You are a prick. You like having sex in
crowds and switching up on partners.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20) - You are practical and persistent.
You have lots of determination and work like hell. Most people
think you are a snob and bull-headed. You are nothing but a
god-damned communist who loves oral sex.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) - You are a quick and intelligent
thinker. People like you because you are bisexual. However, you
are inclined to expect too much for too little. This means you
are a cheap bastard. Geminis are notorious for thriving in
incest.

CANCER (June 20 - July 22) - You are sympathetic and
understanding to other's problems. They think you are a sucker.
You are always putting things off. This is why you will always be
on welfare and wont be worth shit.

LEO (July 23 - Aug. 22) - You consider yourself a born leader.
Others think you are a pussy. Most Leos are bullies, You are vain
and cannot tolerate honest criticism. Your arrogance is
disgusting. Leo people are thieving bastards and kiss mirrors a
lot. Most Leos have herpes.

VIRGO (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22) - You are the logical type and hate
disorder. This nit-picking is sickening to your friends. You are
cold and unemotional and often fall asleep while screwing. Virgos
make good busdrivers and pimps.

LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) - You are the artistic type and have a
difficult time with reality. If you are male, you are probably
queer. Chances for employment and money gains are pathetic. Most
Libra women are whores. Most Libras die of venereal disease.

SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) - You are shrewd in business and
cannot be trusted. You will screw anything from a witch to a
water buffalo. You are a perfect son-of-a-bitch. Most Scorpios
are shot in the back.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) You are optimistic and
enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck, since
you have no talent. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks or
potheads. People laugh at you a lot because you are always
getting screwed.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) - You are conservative and afraid
of taking risks. You are basically a chickenshit. There was never
a Capricorn of any importance. You should kill yourself.

 
              An FYI Guide. How to Identify the Driver's Home:
              ************************************************
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand on horn:  New York
 
        One hand on wheel, one finger out window:  Chicago
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand on newspaper, foot solidly on
        accelerator:  Boston
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand in pants, cradling cell phone in lap,
           brick on accelerator:  California*
           * with gun also in lap: L.A.
 
        Both hands on top of wheel, one foot on brake, watching
        pedestrians cross against the light:  San Francisco
 
        One hand on the wheel, one hand drumming (with drum stick) on
        the dash board, Lap top on top of the Dashboard, left foot tapping,
        right foot on the accelerator, head bobbing from side
        to side:  Silicon Valley, listening to KEZR
 
        Both hands on wheel, eyes shut, both feet on brake, quivering in
        terror:  Ohio, but driving in Boston.
 
        Both hands in air, gesturing, both feet on accelerator,
        head turned to talk to someone in back seat:  Italy
 
        Both hands praying to Gates, knee on wheel, cradling cell phone in
        lap, foot on brake, mind on Win95 GUI:  Seattle
 
        Both hands on steering wheel in a relaxed posture, eyes constantly
        checking the rear-view mirror to watch for visible emissions from
        their own or another's car:  Colorado
 
        One hand on steering wheel, yelling obscenities, the other hand
        waving a gun out the window and firing repeatedly, keeping a
        careful eye out  for landmarks along the way so as to be able
        to come back and pick up any bullets that didn't hit other
        motorists so as not to litter:  Colorado resident on spotting
        a car with New York plates.
 


Subject:  Humorous practical jokes(Part 1 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU--A.W.C.

1.  Fill your victim's pillow with shaving cream and put slashes through
the top of the case.  When his/her head hits the pillow, all the shaving
cream will go through the slits and cover your friends head.

2.  An old standard...if your victim falls asleep face up with a hand out,
put shaving cream in his/her hand.  Then tickle their nose with a feather
and let their instincts do the rest.

3.  Put iodine tablets in the shower head...or jello mix...both work
really good.

4.  Remove the bedsprings from the mattress.  When the person goes to bed,
the mattress will slip right through the frame.

5.  Buy about 10 glad bags full of those styrofoam peanuts. "Borrow"
someone's car keys when they aren't looking, and bring 3 or 4 strong
people with you.  Close all the windows and lock all the doors except the
drivers side.  Have as many people as you need tip the car and hold it so
it doesn't fall while you fill the car with those peanuts through the open
driver's door.  Close the door, gently put the car down, and quietly put
the car keys back.  Act none the wiser when your friend throws a shit fit
when he/she finds their car full of styrofoam.  You can rest assured that
all the peanuts will never come out of the car.  Try not to laugh the next
time you are in the car and peanuts come rolling out from under the seat.

6.  Same idea as 5...different material.  Get a five gallon bucket of
styrofoam beads that are not expanded and a bottle of activator fluid.
Dump the beads into the car.  Quickly empty the bottle of fluid into the
car, close the door and run!  The inside of the car is now a solid block
of styrofoam.

7.  "Captain's log: Stardate 2734.3.  'I am nailed to the hull.'"

8.  You know all those 1)800 numbers on T.V.?  No, not the phone sex
1)900...the numbers that are selling everything from the "Collection of
the Best Love Songs Ever Written" to Ginsu knives to the Ronco pocket
fisherman!  Order everything in your mark's name...most of them will
deliver P.O.D.  About a week later, the mark will be screaming about who
the fuck is sending him Elvis Commemorative Dinner Plates and the Bamboo
Steamer.

9.  We pulled this one on two girls in college.  They went to pick up
their parents at the airport for Parent's Weekend.  We carded our way into
their room (American Express...never leave home without it!) and
completely switched the sides of the room. Everything from their posters
to the contents of their drawers and closets.  You should have heard it!
("And this is our...wait a minute...I thought I was...and weren't you
over...what the hell?")

10.  A friend of mine stayed down at school over the winter break one
time.  While everyone else was at home for Christmas, he went out to the
lumber yard, bought studs, sheetrock, and paint, and walled over a
friend's dorm room door.  It was completely gone! How would you like to
return to school to find your dorm room missing?

Humorous practical jokes(Part 2 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************

11.  Two guys in our corridor were the mail people for the hall and would
frequently raid our care packages from home for goodies.  Well, we waited
until they were at a long lecture, and we carded our way in and completely
emptied their room into the kitchenette down the hall.  We set it up to
look just like their room.  When they came back and found their room
empty, and then went to the kitchenette and found us sleeping on their
beds, wearing their clothes, etc....I wish I had a picture.

12.  If you know someone who lives in a house with a garage, bring those
three our four strong people who helped you with the styrofoam peanuts,
and lay in wait for the unfortunate person to leave his garage door open
AND park the car in the garage AND go in for dinner.  Quietly slip into
the garage and lift the car and rotate it 90 degrees.  Imagine walking
into your garage for a quick trip to the store and seeing your car parked
in this position.

13.  Here's an improvement on #10 thanks to a group of adventurous R.A.'s.
They took newspaper, water, and flour and made some paper mache.  They
then got some fencing, put it in a fellow R.A.'s doorway, and covered the
fencing with the mache, which walled over the guy's door.  They went a
step further and moved a billboard that was hanging in the hall to where
his door was supposed to be.  They also removed his picture from the
display case downstairs.  The idea was to completely eliminate any hint of
his existence.  They wanted to change the number plates on the doorways so
the numbers would not skip, but by the time that had been thought of, the
door had already been walled over.  Anyway, then the female wing RA
declared herself emperor since there was no more competition.

14.  Here's a good technical one.  Look up "Cryogenics" in the phone book
and go there and buy a couple liters of liquid nitrogen (@$1.80 per liter)
and a styrofoam cooler. Take about three cans of shaving cream and put
them along with the liquid nitrogen in the cooler and close the lid. Once
the can and contents are frozen, put on a pair of thick rubber gloves and
eye goggles, and using a pair of pliers, peel off the can and put the now
frozen block of un)expanded shaving cream back in the nitrogen.  Then take
the cooler with you to the mark's car, take the three blocks of shaving
cream and put them inside it and close the door.  Three cans should be
enough to pressurize a small car.  I can just imagine someone trying to
figure out how someone piped that much shaving cream into their car.

15.  This one requires the cooperation of every student in a class.
Everyone should simply be a bit louder, more restless, when the teacher is
on the right side of the board than when he/she is on the left.  By the
end of the semester, the teacher was writing in the bottom left hand
corner of the board.

16.  Another good way to control a teacher...when he/she is on the left
side, the people on the right should pay more attention to them.  When
they're on the other side, the class gradually shifts the attention to the
left.  You can keep some of them walking back and forth for the duration
of the class.

17.  If you take a record album cover and fill it full of shaving cream,
the slot end still fits under a door.  If you then slam a big book on it,
say like a calculus text, the shaving cream goes under the door, into the
room, with good velocity and disperses over a fairly large angle, making a
huge mess.  ***NOTE*** If you are in your room and you see an album cover
coming under the door, go to the door and stand on the end.  This will
cause the reverse effect, and will cover the prankster instead.  If you
are quiet enough, they will think they screwed up and may even try again.

18.  For an instant dust storm, blow dry a pile of baby powder under
someone's door.  Winter cometh.

19.  Paper up the outside of a dorm room's door frame with newspaper, and
then fill the void between the newspaper and the door with popcorn.  When
the person gets up for their shower the next day...

20.  Rather than newspaper on the doorframe, use some Saran Wrap. Tape
some strips across, making sure not to leave any wrinkles. Be careful to
leave the bottom part of the door uncovered to avoid the suction effect.
I need not explain what happens to a person accidentally walking into an
invisible wall.  For best results, try it the morning after a really
alcohol-laden night.

Subject:  Humorous practical jokes(Part 3 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS
THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************
21.  A variant of the paper on the door is to quietly stack empty pop or
beer cans in the doorway.  When the mark comes out in the morning, the
vacuum caused by the inward opening door makes a huge clatter.

22.  Take the receiver from a phone apart and grate garlic on the inside
of the transmitter cover.  Have several people call and say something
like, "Wow, your breath stinks...what have you been eating?"

23.  Completely empty someone's room and re-assemble it out in the quad.

24.  After learning how to easily pick locks, it is possible to enter
someone's room and move all the furniture an inch every day.  When you
come back to move it the next day, it's all back in place again.  And then
you move everything again...

25.  Take some Saran Wrap and cover the top of an empty drinking glass.
Stretch it really good and cut the edges with an X-Acto knife or razor
blade (it will stay).  After spilling their drinks around the sides of the
glass or bouncing their ice cubes, a lot of different reactions take
place:  some people turn the glass over and try again, some people look
around, ...

26.  If you have a chemistry class, when you have to work with some
chemical that you and your lab partner have not worked with before, tell
your lab partner that your last lab partner in high school got his/her
face burned off because they let it overheat. This is of course assuming
you will be working with bunsen burners...duh!  Then, when your partner is
watching the temperature really close, sneak up behind them with a paper
bag filled with air...you know the rest.

27.  Again for science students...if your science class works with a
generator of some type, sneak into the lab at night.  Wire the generator
to the metal screws in someone's desk.  The next day when they sit
down....ZZZZZZZAAAAAPPP!

28.  Put dry ice in a toilet, add bubble bath, the cut open one of those
green Kryptonite-looking glow sticks (carefully) and pour the contents
into the now frothing toilet bowl.  Unscrew the bathroom lightbulb.
Imagine the surprise of a mark who, coming into the darkened bathroom late
at night and perhaps drunk, finds a horrible green glowing, frothing mass
pouring from the john.

29.  At night, when your friend/victim comes home, before the dew settles,
take ordinary white flour and sprinkle all over the car. Makes one helluva
mess by morning, but does no damage and can be washed off easily.
***WARNING*** Do not do this to a ragtop car...IT WILL DO DAMAGE!

30.  This is a harmless one.  Take all the old dead "D" cell batteries you
can find, and toss them on the roof of someone's house during the night.
They land with a crash, then they bump down the shingles 'til they hit the
gutter. Several times we heard screams coming from within the house! (The
person who actually did this said 'maybe you had to be there')

Subject: Humorous practical jokes (Part 4 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------

31.  Take some ordinary speaker wire and put some alligator clips on each
end.  If you don't know enough about cars you may need some help with
this, but then crawl under someone's car and wire the brakelights to the
horn.  Every time he/she steps on the brakes, they'll look around and say,
"Who is that honking?"  He kept getting these angry looks, and finally we
cracked up and spoiled the joke.

32.  This from an ingenious guy at Stanford.  He lived across from a
triple room of girls.  He carded into their room and secreted a number of
small, wireless speakers in a variety of hiding places around their room.
When they returned, he was across the hall in his room with a microphone.
The girls were mightily perturbed when a strange voice began addressing
them from thin air.  Mighty clever with concealing those mikes too...he
had to hear them!  The girls never discovered them, and I think he
"bugged" them for the better part of two quarters.

33.  Pour flour into someone's blowdryer...not too much, just about one
tablespoon full.  They get out of the shower, with hair all wet
and...POOF...they become Beetlejuice.

34.  From Ohio State...some dweeb left for a couple of weeks during term.
He liked to get up at some obscene hour and did not turn his alarm off
before leaving.  Everyday, it howled for an hour before reseting itself
for the next day.  Finally, the neighbors carded into the room and shut
the damn thing off.  The next night a whole group of them sat down with a
box of paper and ripped and shredded for about two hours.  They then
proceeded to stuff everything with the paper.  Every sock, drawer, pocket,
cup, the bed, cassette boxes(not all of them...just enough to make him
worry), between pages of books, the egg tray...you get the idea.  When the
dweeb came back, he sits on the bed and hears "CRUNCH".  He then laid
back, forgetting to check the pillow. "CRUNCH".  Getting paranoid, he
checked the fridge..."WHOOSH!" Everyone is home for the summer now.  They
like to think he is still finding pieces of paper everywhere.

35.  As far as showers go, how about sneaking into the water room and
shutting off the water when everyone is all soaped up?  Or just the hot
water part?

36.  For a minor inconvenience, try smearing vaseline on the windshield
wipers.  Next time it rains, wah-la!  Instant smearstorm!  If your friend
has double wipers, the more the merrier.  You can use up a whole can of
vaseline on just one wiper.  Wow!  And to think it will last for months!

37.  Take a vacuum and un-screw the ON/OFF switch and remove the wire that
makes the switch work.  Tie a knot in the cord aboutfive feet away from
the vacuum end.  Go to a person's room who is trusting and sleeps with his
door unlocked.  Quietly put the vacuum inside, slipping the cord under the
door with the knot just on the outside.  Close the door and penny the mark
in.  Then go plug in the vacuum and sit back and enjoy.  The person will
try to un-plug it, then when that doesn't work, will throw the switch to
turn it off, and when that doesn't work, will go and try to open the door.
At the sound of their scream, un-plug it. Wait 30 minutes and repeat.
***DISCLAIMER***  This trick is not completely safe...some hosehead may
try to disconnect the switch and electrocute himself.

38.  Make a photocopy of a some shocking or disgusting photo, something
that would embarrass somebody, and put the paper back in the copiers paper
supply, down about a dozen sheets.  Chances are, page 3 of the fourth guys
memo will be way less boring than all the other pages on all the copies of
the memo.

39.  "Captain's log:  Stardate 2841.9.  'Today I dreamed I turned into a
Klingon...then woke up in bed with a hangover...and a Klingon.'"

40.  Let's say someone you know is about to do some visual presentation.
Take the same disgusting photo and put it down in the pile of his notes.
During the lecture, no one will know why the mark started choking and
laughing un-controllably when he got to page five.

41.  We did this one to our choir director when we were in Germany.  We
were doing a concert for this small town and we felt we needed to liven
"Doc" Wabrick up, so we slipped a naked picture of a 500 pound woman
inside the front cover of "Ave Maria", the third song.  We finished
singing song #2, Doc opened Ave Maria, turned bright red, started
chuckling, and quietly said to us, "You sons of bitches..."  He got us
back...at the end of song #4, we were supposed to hold a note for 8
counts.  He made us hold it for 24.

42.  Here's another joke we played on good old "Doc".  Let's say you have
a buddy in the tenor section who has a solo during a song, like we did.
When Doc pointed at Tim to sing, the entire baritone section came in
instead.

Subject: Humorous practical jokes (Part 5 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

************************************************************

43.  Take a large garbage can into an elevator and fill it with whatever
you care to add (soap with chicken livers, hearts, etc., I'm told works
well).  The said can is tipped forward when the doors close, so when the
next person to use the elevator opens the door...

44.  Card your way into your buddy's room with a mannequin and some rope.
Hang it from a noose out his window.  You WILL get a response!

45.  If you don't mind spending a few bucks, here's a good one. Most
people wash their colors separate from their whites separate from their
underwear.  Find out exactly what size this person wears, go buy roughly
the amount they usually put in and some pink dye.  When they leave the
laundry room, take their stuff out, put it in another machine(remember,
we're making and keeping friends here!), and then put your bought stuff
into that washer with the dye.  Let them freak about all their whites
being turned white until your sides ache from laughing then let them off
the hook.

46.  Feeling nasty?  Pick a buddy who has a girlfriend and recruit another
female to help you.  Wait until he is in his room without her, preferably
with other people.  Have the recruited female call and say, "_________,
I...I...I...I'm pregnant!!! (crying noises, etc.)"  This happened to
someone down the hall my junior year.  Ye gods, he was out of the room in
less than a minute to see his girlfriend.

47.  Take an onion, cut it up, then throw it into the dryer.
Hooooooeeeeee!

48.  Get a balloon and put some crushed dry ice in it and tie off the end.
If you know what someone is going to wear that day, stuff the balloon in
his back pocket before he puts it on.  As the dry ice evaporates, slowly
it will inflate the balloon, and the victim's butt will transform into
interesting shapes without them noticing.  Once they do notice, which is
when they are sitting down in class, the balloon is too large to take out
without making a stir.

49.  Use clear scotch tape to tape down the handle on the sprayer nozzle
on the kitchen sink.  Take care to point the sprayer toward where someone
would stand while turning on the faucet. Great effect...instant face full
of water as soon as the faucet is turned on.

50.  If you have a roommate who gets up before you do, this one's
good...Wait until the mark has gone to bed and is soundly sleeping.  Set
every clock you have forward one hour.  This includes watches, car clocks,
VCR clocks, all alarms, everything that indicates a time.  Usually they
wind up at class before they realize what is going on.

51.  Finally, a high school chemistry teacher's revenge...he was doing a
demonstration with liquid nitrogen and was explaining how to safely handle
the stuff.  He proceeded to put on heavy rubber gloves and then placed his
thumb in the nitrogen.  After about a minute he took his thumb out and
proceeded to thump it on the table to prove that it was frozen solid.
Then he pulled out a hammer and began pounding his thumb until the glove
split and "thumb" started spraying everywhere.  Only after the entire
class was staring with their mouths open did he reveal that he stuffed a
hot dog into the glove and folded his thumb over his

52.  Break open one of those bean-bag-balls and pour about a cupful down
the heater/air conditioner duct of the victim's vehicle.  Simulated
snowstorm the next time the fan is turned on.

53.  Wet down all of someone's underwear and freeze it into one big lump.

54.  Here's one if you are really bored...put some hydrogen peroxide in a
jar and catch a fly and add him to the jar.  Once the fly is asleep, take
a hair about five inches long and tie it to one of the fly's legs.  Then
take a small strip of lightweight paper and attach it to the other end of
the hair.  On the paper should be an advertisement such as "For a good
time call...". When the fly awoke, it would fly around, very slowly, but
the paper will stream behind similar to the advertising banners carried by
old crop dusters.

Here's the final installment, gang!
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************

55.  There was a student room next to a bathroom.  The pranksters diddled
with the wiring of the room and the bathroom so that the light switch in
each controlled the lights in both, i.e. if one switch was on the other
was on too.  You can watch from the outside windows when someone goes to
bed and unwittingly turns out the lights in the bathroom.  The person in
the bathroom swears and turns them back on.  The person in the room turns
them off again.  This alternates for a while: ON, OFF, ON, OFF, etc.,
getting faster and faster, until both people are standing by the switches
flicking them on and off as fast as they can. Eventually, they figure out
what's going on.

56.  Here's a good way to bother guys who have women in their rooms.  You
plant a soccer ball in front of their door and kick the ball squarely into
the door as hard as you can. The ball gets caught between the door and the
opposite wall and bounces back and forth a good number of times before the
occupant (with rapidly diminishing lump in shorts) emerges red)faced and
quite finished.

57.  Take a bowling ball, grease it up real good with vaseline, including
the holes, and place it holes down in a toilet.  Makes for a real good
couples activity.

58.  Take a concrete block, about 20 lbs., pack it up in a cardboard box
using plenty of nylon packing tape and mail it to someone you know has to
walk a good distance to get their mail. Take care to use their parents
address as the return address, insure the package for $1,000 and put $.50
postage on it.  The mark will get to the post office, find a heavy package
that he can't open, but figures it's worth a lot because it's from mom and
dad and is insured for $1,000.  Carries it all the way back to where
he/she lives before finding out what the package held.

59.  One fraternity ordered their pledges to down 15 bushels of long,
green onions in 10 minutes.  Only 3 guys puked. Then they had to find a
girl and tell her a bedtime story nose-to-nose.

60.  The same fraternity took 15 pledges off campus, heads covered by
pillowcases, out to the edge of a forest.  The actives took all the
pledges clothes except shoes and underwear and tied their hands together.
They then took off, telling the pledges to find their own way back to
campus.  Once out of the forest, there they were in the middle of a city,
15 guys in their underwear, holding hands.

61.  A guy filled a friend's cabinet (the shelf kind over the desk!) with
those styrofoam packing things so that when the guy opened it, they'd fall
out all over the place.  But someone warned this guy, so he came in late
the night before the gag and emptied the packing things out of the
cabinet.  The next day, the guy who perpetrated the joke came in and hung
around the guy's office, waiting for him to open the cabinet.  The
intended mark would make a move to open it, and then decide to do
something else instead.  Finally, he let the guy off the hook by opening
it up and blowing the joke.

62.  "Captain's log:  Stardate 3010.4.  "Was ready to do my laundry when
it disappeared suddenly.  Found out it was accidentally beamed over to a
passing Vulcan ship...they fed it to the dogs on board."

63.  I got home from class one day to find that the Christmas Tree that
was in the lobby of the dorm had been moved to my room. I had to do a
double take before I could convince myself that I actually saw it there.

64.  Even construction workers can have fun.  One worker walked over to
his partner, who was working with a rookie and said that he thought the
wall they were working on was too short.  He stepped back and looked at it
and decided this was true.  They discussed and decided that it would be
easy to fix if they had a 'wall stretcher'.  The rookie, hearing the
conversation, thought nothing when they asked him to drive a couple blocks
down to another site and borrow one.  This should have embarrassed the
rookie, but when he asked if they had one, they said 'SURE'. They went out
to their truck and dug around until they found something that would work.
The rookie came back with some winch thingie that must have weighed at
least 40 pounds.  The partners looked at each other, wondering what they
should say, trying not to crack up as the joke wasn't working as they had
planned.  A few minutes later the other crew drove up and yelled from the
street, "You didn't think we had one, did you?"  This is when the rookie
finally realized he'd been duped.

65.  Here's a variation on #64.  On board a ship, a chief will send a new
sailor to go find '50 feet of fallopian tube' or '2 gallons of
ball-bearing grease'...neither of which exist.  The thing that makes it
work is the whole ship knows about it, so when Joe Q. Squid shows up on
the galley with his request, they send him to the flight deck, the flight
deck sends him to the engine room, and so on...

Th-th-th-that's all f-f-folks...
Coming soon to a theater near you...
Evil Practical Jokes

Andy Cramer
------------------------------------------------------------

_ _, _ ___ _, __,  _, _  _, ___ _  _, _, _ _  _, __,  _, _  _ ___ __,
| |\ | |_ / \ | )  |\/| / \  |  | / \ |\ | | (_  | ) / \ |  | |_  | )
| | \| |  \ / |~\  |  | |~|  |  | \ / | \| | , ) |~  \ / |/\| |   |~\
~ ~  ~ ~   ~  ~  ~ ~  ~ ~ ~  ~  ~  ~  ~  ~ ~  ~  ~    ~  ~  ~ ~~~ ~  ~

  The Warning Signs Of Insanity

1. Your friends tell you that you have been acting strange lately,
   and then you hit them several times with a sledgehammer.
2. Everyone you meet appears to have tentacles growing out of
   places that you wouldn't expect tentacles to be growing from.
3. You start out each morning with a 30-minute jog around the
   bathroom.
4. You write to your mother in Germany every week, even though
   she sends you mail from Iowa asking why you never write.
5. Every time you see a street sign, you have a tremendous urge to
   relieve yourself on it.
6. You wear your boxers on your head because you heard it will
   ward of evil dandruff spirits.
7. You're always having to apologize to your next door neighbor for
   setting fire to his lawn decorations.
8. Every commercial you hear on the radio reminds you of popsicles.
9. People stay away from you whenever they hear you howl.
10. Your breath smells more and more like squirrel dung each passing day.
11. You laugh out loud during funerals.
12. When your doctor tells you to say ah, you yell out "RAPE! RAPE!"
13. Nobody listens to you anymore, because they can't understand
    you through your scuba mask.
14. You begin to stop and consider all of the blades of grass you've
    stepped on as a child, and worry that their ancestors are going to
    one day seek revenge.
15. You have meaningful conversations with your toaster.
16. Your father pretends you don't exist, just to play along with your
    little illusion.
17. You collect dead windowsill flies.
18. Everytime the phone rings, you shout, "Hey! Peanut Butter Jelly!!"
19. You like cats.  Especially with mayo.
20. You scream "I've got a knife!" to people who try to sell you things.
21. You scream "I've got a knife!" to people at your family reunion.
22. You cry at the end of every episode of Gilligan's Island, because
    they weren't rescued.
23. You put tennis balls in the microwave to see if they'll hatch.
24. Whenever you listen to the radio, the music sounds backwards.
25. You have a predominant fear of fabric softener.
26. You wake up each morning and find yourself sitting on your head
    in the middle of your front lawn.
27, Your dentist asks you why each individual tooth has your name
    etched on it, and you tell him it's for security reasons.
28. Melba toast excites you.
29. When the waiter asks for your order, you ask to go into another
    room to tell him, because "the napkins have ears."
30. You tend to agree with everything your mother's dead uncle tells you.
31. Every time you see the commercial for the Hair Club For Men,
    you think to yourself, "I think I'll kill the pope today."
32. You call up random people and ask if you can borrow their dog,
    just for a few minutes.
33. Your main goal in life is to become the president of Bulemia.
34. Nearly everything you say involves the word, "P-toing!"
35. You argue with yourself about which is better, to be eaten by a
    koala or to be loved by an infectious disease.
36. You like to sit in cornfields for prolonged periods of time, and
    pretend that you're a stalk.
37. You think that exploding wouldn't be so bad, once you got used to it.
38. You try to make a list of the Warning Signs of Insanity. (cough)
39. People offer you help, but you unfortunately interpret this as a
    violation of your rights as a boysenberry.
40. You like reading lists like this. :)

There is a beautiful deserted island in the middle of nowhere and the
following people are stranded:

	  2 Italian men and 1 Italian woman
	  2 French men and 1 French woman
	  2 German men and 1 German woman
	  2 Greek men and 1 Greek woman
	  2 English men and 1 English woman
	  2 Polish men and 1 Polish woman
	  2 Japanese men and 1 Japanese woman
	  2 American men and 1 American woman
	  2 Australian men and 1 Australian woman
	  2 New Zealand men and 1 New Zealand woman
	  2 Irish men and 1 Irish woman
	  2 Russian men and 1 Russian woman

One month goes by......

The first Italian man has killed the other Italian man for the woman.

The two French men and the French woman are living happily together in
a "menage a trois".

The two German men have a strict weekly schedule of when they alternate
with the German woman.

The two Greek men are sleeping with each other and the Greek woman is
cooking and cleaning for them.

The two Englishmen are waiting for someone to introduce them to the
English woman.

The Polish men took a long look at the endless ocean, one look at the
Polish woman, and started swimming.

The two Japanese men have faxed Tokyo and are waiting for instructions.

The two American men are contemplating the virtues of suicide, while
the American woman keeps on bitching about her body being her own, the
true nature of feminism, how she can do everything that they can do,
about the necessity of fulfilment, the equal division of household
chores, how her last boyfriend respected her opinion and treated her
much nicer and how her relationship with her mother is improving. But
at least the taxes here are low and it is not raining.

The two Australian men beat each other senseless fighting over the
Australian woman, who is checking out all the other men, after calling
them both "bloody wankers".

Both New Zealand men are searching the island for sheep.

The two Irishmen began by dividing their island Northside-Southside and
setting up a distillery. They don't remember if sex is in the picture
because it gets sort of foggy after the first few litres of
coconut-whiskey, but at least they know the English aren't getting any.

The first Russian man married the Russian woman and divorced her. He is
the best customer of the Irish distillery.

The other Russian man made money by killing the Italian and arranging
exit visas for the Poles. With that money he acquired a
controlling 33.4% stake in the Irish distillery including the worldwide
distribution rights to the English and he hired the Greeks as sales
agents. He employs both Germans as bodyguards (for himself and his
Russian girlfriend) and has promised the Polish woman that she can
become the maid of their first child. He regularly sees the American
woman "to learn English".

In the meantime, the French still think they're alone on the island.

A JASBITS list of important 'Blows95 errors (fwd from Henry)

Note: Any way the Win-BLOWS (doesn't really matter, 2me)

Enjoy!
-JAS (04-JUN-96)

---

> New Windows 95 Error list
>
>       Microsoft forgot to explain them in the manuals, so they will be
>       spread via the Internet:
>
>       WinErr: 001 Windows loaded - System in danger
>       WinErr: 002 No Error - Yet
>       WinErr: 003 Dynamic linking error - Your mistake is now in every file
>       WinErr: 004 Erroneous error - Nothing is wrong
>       WinErr: 005 Multitasking attempted - System confused
>       WinErr: 006 Malicious error - Desqview found on drive
>       WinErr: 007 System price error - Inadequate money spent on hardware
>       WinErr: 008 Broken window - Watch out for glass fragments
>       WinErr: 009 Horrible bug encountered - God knows what has happened
>       WinErr: 00A Promotional literature overflow - Mailbox full
>       WinErr: 00B Inadequate disk space - Free at least 50MB
>       WinErr: 00C Memory hog error - More Ram needed. More! More! More!
>       WinErr: 00D Window closed - Do not look outside
>       WinErr: 00E Window open - Do not look inside
>       WinErr: 00F Unexplained error - Please tell us how this happened
>       WinErr: 010 Reserved for future mistakes by our developers
>       WinErr: 011 Window open - Do not look outside
>       WinErr: 012 Window closed - Do not look inside
>       WinErr: 013 Unexpected error - Huh ?
>       WinErr: 014 Keyboard locked - Try anything you can think of.
>       WinErr: 018 Unrecoverable error - System has been destroyed. Buy a
>                   new one. Old Windows licence is not valid anymore.
>       WinErr: 019 User error - Not our fault. Is Not! Is Not!
>       WinErr: 01A Operating system overwritten - Please reinstall all your
>                   software. We are terribly sorry.
>       WinErr: 01B Illegal error - You are not allowed to get this error.
>                   Next time you will get a penalty for that.
>       WinErr: 01C Uncertainty error - Uncertainty may be inadequate.
>       WinErr: 01D System crash - We are unable to figure out our own code.
>       WinErr: 01E Timing error - Please wait. And wait. And wait. And wait.
>       WinErr: 01F Reserved for future mistakes of our developers.
>       WinErr: 020 Error recording error codes - Additional errors will be
>                   lost.
>       WinErr: 042 Virus error - A virus has been activated in a dos-box.
>                   The virus, however, requires Windows. All tasks will
>                   automatically be closed and the virus will be activated
>                   again.
>       WinErr: 079 Mouse not found - A mouse driver has not been installed.
>                   Please click the left mouse button to continue.
>       WinErr: 103 Error buffer overflow - Too many errors encountered.
>                   Additional errors may not be displayed or recorded.
>       WinErr: 678 This will end your Windows session. Do you want to play
>                   another game?
>       WinErr: 683 Time out error - Operator fell asleep while waiting for
>                   the system to complete boot procedure.
>       WinErr: 815 Insufficient Memory - Only 50,312,583 Bytes available
>
> (maybe by: Fran MacCannell)

http://www.jas.com/


  There was this girl who lived in New Jersey, and she loved it so much
that she named parts of her body after places in the Garden State.  One
night she confided th is to her boyfriend as he was beginning to feel up
her right tit.  "I bet you call this Mount Pleasant," he said, and she
smiled in assent.
  Working his hand down her ass, he asked, "And this?"
  "I call that Freehole," she replied.
  Getting hot and heavy, he maneuvered his hand around to the front.  "I
bet you call this Cherry Hill," he said triumphantly.
  "Nope.  That's Eatontown."



                           Rude and Obnoxious Jokes!
                                      By:
                    ___The Dolphin that came from Belmont___
                                       &
                        /-/ Speaker-To-Animals/Chmee /-/

   Everyone likes a good laugh, especially if it's at someone elses expense, so 
we have put together a compendum of rather rude jokes. Use them to impress 
people at the next party or social gathering you are at and people will be 
amazed by your wit and total lack of taste.  

 (Note: Some of these jokes were printed in the book "Totaly Tasteless Jokes". 
 AYOM means Add Your Own Minority) 

Why are N.A.S.A. officials drinking Pepsi?
They can't get 7up.

How do you break a AYOM's finger?
Kick 'em in the ass.

Why is the NFL painting footballs green?
Ever see a nigger drop a watermelon?

How do you get a one-armed AYOM out of a tree?
Wave at 'em.

A nigger, a spic and a pollok walk into a bar and the bartender says "GET THE 
FUCK OUT!" 

How are AYOM girls and hockey goaltenders alike?
They both change their pads after three periods.

How do you get four queers on a barstool?
Turn it upside down.

How do you pick up a quarter on Polk Street?
Kick it to Van Ness.

What happens when a jew with a hard-on walks into a wall?
He breaks his nose.

What's the difference between a nigger and a tire?
Tires don't sing when you put the chains on.

What's the difference between a jew and a pizza?
Pizzas don't scream when you put them in the oven.

How do you kill a spaz?
Give him a hammer and let him beat himself to death.

You know what you call a Libyian with half a brain?
Gifted.

You know what you call a Lybian with an I.Q. of 169?
A city.

Do you know how to save a drowning Lybian?
No? Good.

You know why they call camels "Ships of the Desert"?
Because they're so full of Lybian semen.

Why do they smear shit on the walls at a Lybian wedding?
To keep the flys off the bride.

How do you get a Lybian women pregnant?
Cum in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.

You know why the Lybian Navy has glass bottomed boats?
So they can see the old Lybian Navy.

Did you hear about the Lybian lesbian?
She likes men.

You know how many Americans it takes to screw in a light bulb?
One.

What do you call a Lybian on a bicycle?
Thief!

What do you get if you cross a gorilla with a Lybian?
Dunno, gorilla's too smart to fuck a Lybian.

How do you sink a Lybian ship?
Put it in water.

How do you know a Lybian desinged a woman's anatomy?
Who else would put a shithole so close to a snackbar?

Lybia: Where men are men and dogs are afriad.

How do you seperate the men from the boys in New York?
With a firehose.

N.A.S.A.: Need Another Seven Astronauts.

N.A.S.A.: North Atlantic Swimming Association.

Where should you hide money in Lybian household?
Under the soap, no one will ever find it.

What do you call a truckload of vibrators?
Toys for twats.

Why do Lawyers wear turtleneck sweaters?
To hide the foreskin.

How do you keep Lybians out of your front yard?
Put the garbage cans in back.

How do you kill a Lybian?
I dunno, but any suggestions are welcome.

What do you call a black women with braces?
Black and Decker Pecker Wrecker.

How do you start a riot in a jewish neighborhood?
Throw a penny out in the street.

Why is Stevie Wonder always smiling?
'Cause he don't know he's black.

What do shit and Lybians have in common?
Almost everything.

What does a dick and a Lybian have in common?
Large head and no brains.

   Well, there oughta be enough there to keep ya grinnin' for awhile. Get any 
new jokes, why don't you post them on Phree World Elite (916)-689-6241. I'll 
compile them and place them in a new phile as soon as enough are posted.  Until 
then, I remane 

                    ___The Dolphin that came from Belmont___

               *** Call the Phree World Elite: (916)-689-6241 ***


Horse Feathers BBS
50/50: Old Russian Joke
Date: Wed Apr 05 17:38:25 1989

    One morning Brezhnev wake up, look out the window, see sun rising.
Brezhnev smiled at sun, said, "Good morning, Sun!"
    Sun said, "Good morning, Comrade Brezhnev, how are you today?  Such a
pleasure to see you."
    Well, Brezhnev is amazed.  He finds his most trusted aide and tells him
about it.  Aide says, "Comrade, you are out of your gourd."
    So Brezhnev takes his aide to the Red Square.  By this time it is noon.
Brezhnev looks at the Sun in the zenith and says, "Hello, Sun!"
    Sun says, "Good day, Leonid Illich, how are you today?  Such a pleasure to
see you!"
    Well, they are both amazed.  They spend the rest of the day arranging a
special surprise parade.  Finally, at sunset, half of Moscow crowding the Red
Square, all of Politbureau standing on the Mausoleum balcony, Brezhnev
triumphantly strode out and announced:
    "Comrades!  Watch this:"
    He turned to the Sun and said, "Good evening, Sun!"
    Sun said, "F**k you, a**hole, I'm in the West now..."

 
************   280 Questions and Answers - layout by Maciej Komosinski   ***********
**********************  http://aurora.put.poznan.pl/~komos/  ***********************


Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
A:  A teacher says "no chewing" and a train says "choo-choo"!

Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's
    throat?
A:  Lefty!

Q:  What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
A:  You get repossessed!

Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
A:  A con test!

Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
A:  They can't keep their trunks up!

Q:  What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
A:  Someone who likes to pitch tents!

Q:  How do you cut through waves?
A:  With a sea-saw!

Q:  What has teeth but can't chew?
A:  A zipper!

Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
A:  Not if the clock struck first!

Q:  What flowers do you wear all year long?
A:  Tulips (two-lips)!

Q:  What do cows give after an earthquake?
A:  Milk shakes!

Q:  When is a cowboy most like a pony?
A:  When he is a little hoarse!

Q:  Why do cowboys ride horses?
A:  Because the horses are too heavy to carry!

Q:  How many sides does a house have?
A:  Two!  The inside and the outside!

Q:  Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
A:  So he would wake up oily in the morning!

Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
A:  He took off his shoes!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
A:  Because he didn't have any guts!

Q:  What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
A:  One sells watches, one watches cells!

Q:  Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
A:  He likes to draw blood!

Q:  What game do ghost children like to play?
A:  Peek-a-BOO!

Q:  What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
A:  Little Red Riding Hood!

Q:  Why are men better with a beard than without?
A:  FUR lots of reasons!

Q:  What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
A: I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, (ad nauseum)

Q:  Why are potatoes considered stupid?
A:  At parties they always hang around with the dips!

Q:  Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
A:  To the dino-shore!

Q:  Why is a room full of married people really empty?
A:  There isn't a single person in it!

Q:  Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
A:  Because he wanted bear feet!

Q:  What did one knife say to the other?
A:  "My, YOU'RE looking sharp today!"

Q:  What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse
    James?
A:  The ice cream cone would get licked!

Q:  Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
A:  So he could blow his top!

Q:  What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
A:  A sick shooter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
A:  An animal that scares people and doesn't give a hoot!

Q:  If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
A:  Seven!

Q:  When do you use a shovel to eat?
A:  When you really dig in!

Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers?
A:  Trip the waiter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
A:  A flying Band-Aid!

Q:  Who was the biggest monarch in history?
A:  King Kong!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
A:  He didn't have any guts!

Q:  What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
A:  "I have a lot of problems!"

Q:  Do rabbits use combs?
A:  No, they use harebrushes!

Q:  What did one wall say to the other wall?
A:  "I'll meet you at the corner!"

Q:  What is a kangroo's favorite year?
A:  Leap year!

Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
A:  Humphrey!  *Get it?*

Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
A:  The Lone Ranger!

Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the
    stagecoach?
A:  So he could stick up the passengers!

Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
A:  It makes tracks!

Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
A:  So he could shoot off his mouth!

Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking?
A: Roamin' numerals!

Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole?
A: All the difference in the world!

Q: Guess who I saw today?
A: Everybody I looked at!

Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone?
A: Because they both have rings!

Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
A: With a mummy at bat, the game would be all wrapped up!

Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers?
A: Night Mares!

Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
A: Well, he does say, "I Yam what I Yam"!

Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!

Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
A: He wanted to send in a sub!

Q: Why are birds poor?
A: Because money doesn't grow on trees!

Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy?
A: A pitcher that throws a screwball!

Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
A: Because both are beaten!

Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
A: A Gongster!

Q: What do you call a lazy butcher?
A: A Meat-loafer!

Q: What is the first thing you put into a room?
A: Your feet!

Q: What is a sound sleeper?
A: Someone who snores!

Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
A: Whoa!

Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
A: His blue jeans!

Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace?
A: A choker!

Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
A: As fur as you can get!

Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
A: By long distance!

Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
A: Anything you want!  He can't hear you!

Q: Why do postmen carry letters?
A: Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves!

Q: How do you make friends with a computer?
A: Bit by bit!

Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
A: A horse!

Q: Why is a toupee like a secret?
A: Because you keep it under your hat!

Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
A: They don't want to get scalloped!

Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the
   Rio Grande?
A: Plunk rock!!!!!

Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
A: He wanted to be a disk jockey!

Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of
   cloth in his mouth?
A: That's an old gag!

Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
A: Triggernometry!

Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history?
A: Atlas--he held up the whole world!

Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
A: Sir!

Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
A:  It gets wet!

Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
A:  Because it is a squealer!

Q:  Where do frogs sit?
A:  On toadstools!

Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America,
    and died in San Francisco, what is he?
A:  Dead!

Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
A:  Because it didn't give a hoot!

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
A:  He wanted to see a butter fly.

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
A:  Because he wanted to see a water fall!

Q:  What paper makes you itch?
A:  Scratch paper!

Q:  What can you break without touching it?
A:  Your promise!

Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
    moon.  A lady was crossing the street.  How did he see her?
A:  It was daytime!

Q:  What animal makes the most of its food?
A:  The giraffe.  It makes a little go a long way!

Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico?
A:  Chili today, hot tamale!

Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
A:  Noon!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
A:  Bugs Bunny!

Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds?
A:  They haven't been made up yet!

Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
A:  You bore me!

Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse?
A:  duh.

Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven?
A:  When you want to have a hot time!

Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
A:  Automobile!

Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
A:  Because silence is golden!

Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
A:  Breath!

Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
A:  A fence!

Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old?
A:  Seven months old!

Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper?
A:  A crab apple!

Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
    their hands?
A:  A pocket watch!

Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
A:  A key!

Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body?
A:  A chair!

Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
A:  D.C.!

Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
A:  He exploded!

Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach?
A:  On a Sun Day!

Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a
    can of tomato soup?
A:  Read the label!

Q:  What trees come in two's?
A:  Pear Trees!

Q:  What insect runs away from everything?
A:  A Flee!

Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
A:  Brazillians!

Q:  What people are like the end of a book?
A:  The Finnish!

Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
A:  A bald man!

Q:  What did the light say to the girl?
A:  Turn me on!

Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
A:  You're too young to smoke!

Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:  To keep their pants up!

Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
A:  A minister!

Q:  Why do we buy clothes?
A:  Because we can't get them free!

Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't
    any of them get wet?
A:  Because it wasn't raining!

Q:  What piece of wood is like a king?
A:  A ruler!

Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner?
A:  "Boy, am I exhausted!"

Q:  Why did the window pane blush?
A:  It saw the weather strip!

Q:  Where do crying children go?
A:  To the bawl park!

Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
A:  Fifty pennies!

Q:  When is the vet busiest?
A:  When it rains cats and dogs!

Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
A:  One knows the stops, the other stops the nose!

Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile?
A:  An illigator!

Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
A:  Against your will!

Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
A:  Because it's not nice to poke fun at someone's expanse!

Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
A:  Keep everyone away!

Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
A:  To the nut house!

Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you
    see spots in front of your eyes?
A:  You probably have a polka-dotted sock over your head!

Q:  When do you have acute pain?
A:  When you own a pretty window!

Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
A:  When moses recieved the two tablets!

Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
A:  He got a lot of ticks!

Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose?
A:  He was told to keep it to the grindstone!

Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water?
A:  Well water!

Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
A:  Baldness!

Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer?
A:  You have a hole in one!

Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
A:  A potted palm!

Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
A:  It knocked him cold!

Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
A:  To a retail store!

Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
    operation?
A:  That's enough out of you!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  When you see eye-to-eye with yourself!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  Try looking in a mirror!

Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
A:  Stop drinking acid!

Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
A:  Oinkment!

Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
    hand?
A:  Normal.  Most people have their fingers spread over two hands!

Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
A:  He bucked!

Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see?
A:  He picked up his hammer and saw!

Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
A:  When it is a little pail!

Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
A:  A Hershey baaa!

Q:  How do you make an eggroll?
A:  Push it!

Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
A:  Because if you add 4 and 4, you get ate!

Q:  What is a pie in the sky?
A:  A flying pizza!

Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
A:  Because he wanted to raise cane!

Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets?
A:  Because she wanted her hair to grow in bangs!

Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
A:  No.  They always go parson to parson!

Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
A:  It didn't know how to conduct itself!

Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle?
A:  A daffy dill!

Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch?
A:  Boo-loney sandwiches!

Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
A:  Marsh-mellows!

Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
A:  Deviled eggs!

Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail?
A:  The exterminator!

Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink?
A:  Punch!

Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea?
A:  Neither.  Use a spoon!

Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous?
A:  A grape with a machine gun!

Q:  What gun does a police dog use?
A:  A dogmatic!

Q:  Where do tough chickens come from?
A:  From hard-boiled eggs!

Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
A:  If it only rings when tolled!

Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
A:  Hero sandwiches!

Q:  What is stolen candy?
A:  Hot chocolate!

Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
A:  Thank ewe!

Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die?
A:  You bite the dust!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
A:  A real big uniform!

Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie?
A:  A snicker-doo-doo!

Q:  What happens to evil pigs?
A:  They become deviled ham!

Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road?
A:  To get to Mexico, where they don't celebrate Thanksgiving!

Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day?
A:  Squeakers!

Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
A:  Cause he wanted eat French Fries lying down!

Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
A:  Because it was illeagle! *get it?*

Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
A:  So he could stretch his imagination!

Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
A:  By saddle lights!

Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
A:  A sourpuss!

Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
A:  Mr. Bigger's baby is a little Bigger!

Q:  How many seconds are in a year?
A:  12 - January 2nd, February 2nd...

Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
A:  With a hoe, hoe, hoe!

Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
A:  Nothing - it shut up!

Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then
    there's a key.  What is it?
A:  Milwaukee!

Q:  What is a monster's favorite team?
A:  The Giants!

Q:  What American has the largest family?
A:  George Washington - He's the Father of our Country!

Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
A:  Two suckers got licked!

Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
A:  Merry Land!

Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
A:  These birthdays really burn me up!

Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
A:  Because it ran out of juice!

Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
A:  If they walked on the floor, someone might step on them!

Q:  What is a foreign ant?
A:  ImportAnt!

Q:  Why do hippies study the stars?
A:  Because they are so far out!

Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
A:  He wanted to raise a bumper crop!

Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
A:  Ask someone else to break it!

Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly?
A:  Because it is a baby and can't walk, hardly!

Q:  What helps keep your teeth together?
A:  Toothpaste!

Q:  What brings the monster's babies?
A:  Frankenstork!

Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
A:  It's a beautiful tail!

Q:  What bugs are good at math?
A:  Mosquitos: they add to misery, subtract from fun, and multiply fast!

Q:  Why did the mouse want to move?
A:  She was tired of living in a hole in the wall!

Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
A:  Because when it rains it purrs!

Q:  Why do bees hum?
A:  Because they don't know the words!

Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else?
A:  The Sun!

Q:  What is a distant relative?
A:  Someone who is not living with you!

Q:  What is the biggest ant?
A:  An ELEPHant!

Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
A:  An ant's dinner!

Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters?
A:  XS!

Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face?
A:  His sideburns!

Q:  What fish has the lowest voice?
A:  A bass!

Q:  When was beef at its highest?
A:  When the cow jumped over the moon!

Q:  What person is always yelling?
A:  The I Scream Man!

Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong?
A:  A shoplifter!

Q:  What kind of house weighs the least?
A:  A Lighthouse!

Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
A:  The ground!

Q:  What coat has the most sleeves?
A:  A coat of arms!

Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
A:  Dates!

Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
A:  The Grape Wall of China!

Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
A:  Because they can't dress themselves!

Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
A:  In the dictionary!

Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous?
A:  Because it has Dynamite and Arsenic in it!

Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
    and wore size 11 shoes.  What did he weigh?
A:  Meat!

Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
A:  Perky!

Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
A:  They took a coffin break!

Q:  What do people in England call little black cats?
A:  Kittens!

Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
A:  To make some cold cash!

Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind?
A:  Poke a finger in its eye!

Q:  What is a stupid flower?
A:  A Blooming Idiot!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they don't know how to cook!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they can't light their Coleman stove!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they have to much trouble fitting it on the shishkebab!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because the stove is broken!

Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls?
A:  Give them to elephants to shoot marbles!

Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
A:  Fleece!

Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
A:  No, they had an apple!

Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
A:  Farfignewton!

Q:  What is a bulldozer?
A:  Someone who sleeps while a polititian is making a speech!

Q:  Where do trees keep their money?
A:  In branch banks!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  Mice!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  The cheese police!

Q:  Where do fish keep their money?
A:  In river banks!

Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money?
A:  In snowbanks!

Q:  Where do hogs keep their money?
A:  In piggy banks!

Q:  Where do vampires keep their money?
A:  In blood banks!

Q:  Where do mummies swim?
A:  In the Dead Sea!

Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
A:  Well, first open your mouth....

Q:  What happened when Abel died?
A:  He became Unable!

Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
A:  I wuv you watts and watts!

Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise?
A:  Because money talks!

Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
A:  It loses its cool!

Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
A:  A phew!

Q:  What does an invisible baby drink?
A:  Evaporated milk!

Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
    its tongue hanging out?
A:  Your shoe!

Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
A:  "Hi, mom!"

Q:  What lottery did the broom win?
A:  The sweepstakes!

Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg?
A:  Because if she dropped it, it would break!

Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
A:  Because when you move one foot, the other is always left behind!

Q:  When do you swallow your words?
A:  When you eat alphabet soup!

Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
    toaster?
A:  One takes the most and the other makes the toast!

Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
A:  Neither.  You'll find that paper works best!

Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
    or drink?
A:  A swallow?

Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
A:  Because they are dead ringers!

Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
A:  Because they are stuffed shirts!

Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter?
A:  Take out the tobacco!

Q:  How do you make notes of stone?
A:  Rearrange the letters!

Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
A:  A wet one!

Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
A:  If he lifted it, he would fall down!

Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
A:  You can only peal a banana once!

Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls?
A:  A window!

Q:  Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
A:  Because they're always spouting off!

Q:  What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
A:  It can look round!

Q:  When is a man not a man?
A:  When he turns into an alley!

Der Waschbrettbauch

Gute Nachrichten!

F¸r alle, die ihren Waschbrettbauch pflegen wollen:

jetzt haben wir endlich den Beweis dass wir mit unserer T‰tigkeit am Wochenende
vˆllig richtig liegen, denn alle bekannten Di‰ten vernachl‰ssigen vˆllig einen
wichtigen Punkt: die Temperatur der Speisen und Getr‰nke. Wir alle wissen, dass
eine Kalorie notwendig ist, um 1 g Wasser um 1 Grad C zu erw‰rmen. Man muss
kein Wunderkind sein um zu errechnen, dass der Mensch, wenn er ein Glas kaltes
Wasser trinkt, sagen wir mit 0 Grad, ca. 200 Kalorien braucht um es um 1 Grad
zu erw‰rmen. Um es auf Kˆrpertemperatur zu bringen sind also ca. 7400 Kalorien
notwendig - 200g Wasser mal 37 Grad Temperaturunterschied.

Diese muss unser Kˆrper aufbringen, da die Kˆrpertemperatur konstant bleiben
muss. Dazu nutzt er die einzige Energiequelle, die ihm kurzfristig zur
Verf¸gung steht, unser Kˆrperfett. Er muss also Kˆrperfett verbrennen, um die
Erw‰rmung zu leisten, die Thermodynamik l‰sst sich nicht bel¸gen.

Trinkt man also ein groﬂes Glas Bier mit ca. 400 g mit 0 Grad verliert man ca.
14800 Kalorien. Jetzt muss man nat¸rlich noch die Kalorien des Bieres abziehen,
ca. 800 Kalorien f¸r 400 g Bier. Unter dem Strich betrachtet verliert man also
ungef‰hr 14000 Kalorien bei einem kalten Glas Bier. Nat¸rlich ist der Verlust
um so grˆﬂer, je k‰lter das Bier ist.

Ebenso verh‰lt es sich mit kalten Nachspeisen wie Eis zum Beispiel. Bei einer
Portion von 200g nehmen wir ca. 1000 Kalorien zu uns, verlieren aber durch die
Erw‰rmung auf Kˆrpertemperatur 7400 Kalorien. Hinzu kommen dann noch ca. 7000
Kalorien zum Schmelzen des Eises, ca. 35 Kalorien pro Gramm. Richtig betrachtet
bleibt also ein Verlust von 13400 Kalorien. Da der Anteil der Kalorien im
Lebensmittel im Vergleich zu den Kalorien des W‰rmeverbrauchs nur sehr gering
ist, ist es also fast egal, was wir essen oder trinken, nur kalt muss es sein.

Diese Art Kalorien abzubauen ist, wie jedem einleuchten mag, viel effektiver
als z.B. Fahrrad fahren oder Joggen bei denen nur ca. 1000 Kalorien pro Stunde
verbrannt werden.

Abnehmen ist so einfach. Wir m¸ssen alle einfach nur kaltes Bier und Eis in
Mengen zu uns nehmen und die Thermodynamik erledigt den Rest. Ein Nachteil
dieser Di‰t bleibt allerdings, wenn wir z.B. eine heiﬂe Pizza essen, die uns
durch ihre W‰rmeenergie eine Unmenge an Kalorien zuf¸hrt.

Der aufmerksame Leser hat aber bestimmt schon die Lˆsung parat: man muss die
heiﬂe Pizza einfach nur mit genug kaltem Bier und Eis ausgleichen.

DR LAURA EMAIL:

For those of you that are not following the recent controversy that has to do
with Laura Schlessinger, she is a radio personality who dispenses advice to
people who call in to her radio show. Paramount Television Group is currently
producing a 'Dr. Laura' television show. Recently she has become a convert to
Judaism, and now she is Ba'al T'shuvah. Recently, she has made some statements
about homosexuals that has caused the Canadian anti-hate laws to censure her...
The following is an open letter to Dr. Laura which was posted on the
internet... ENJOY.

Dear Dr. Laura,

Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God's Law. I have
learned a great deal from your show, and I try to share that knowledge with as
many people as I can. When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle,
for example, I simply remind him that Leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be
an abomination. End of debate. I do need some advice from you, however,
regarding some of the specific laws and how to best follow them.

a) When I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, I know it creates a pleasing
odour for the Lord (Lev. 1:9). The problem is my neighbours. They claim the
odour is not pleasing to them. Should I smite them?

b) I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7.
In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?

c) I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period
of menstrual uncleanliness (Lev. 15:19-24). The problem is, how do I tell? I
have tried asking, but most women take offence.

d) Lev. 25:44 states that I may indeed possess slaves, both male and female,
provided they are purchased from neighbouring nations. A friend of mine claims
that this applies to Mexicans, but not Canadians. Can you clarify? Why can't I
own Canadians?

e) I have a neighbour who insists on working on the Sabbath. Exodus 35:2
clearly states he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him?
Am I morally obligated to kill him myself?

f) A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an Abomination
(Lev. 11:10), it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don't agree. Can
you settle this?

g) Lev. 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a
defect in my sight. I have to admit that I wear reading glasses. Does my vision
have to be 20/20, or is there some wiggle room here?

h) Most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around
their temples, even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev.19:27. How should
they die?

i) I know from Lev. 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me
unclean, but may I still play football if I wear gloves?

j) My uncle has a farm. He violates Lev. 19:19 by planting two different crops
in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different
kinds of thread. (cotton/polyester blend). He also tends to curse and blaspheme
a lot. Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the
whole town together to stone them? (Lev.24:10-16) Couldn't we just burn them to
death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their
in-laws? (Lev. 20:14)

I know you have studied these things extensively, so I am confident you can
help. Thank you again for reminding us that God's word is eternal and
unchanging.

Your devoted disciple and adoring fan.

Martha

KILLER BISCUITS WANTED FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER
(the actual AP headline)

Lisa Burnett, 23, a resident of San Diego, was visiting her in-laws,
and while there went to a nearby supermarket to pick up some groceries.

Several people noticed her sitting in her car with the windows rolled
up and with her eyes closed, with both hands behind the back of her
head.

One customer who had been at the store for a while became concerned and
walked over to the car. He noticed that Lisa's eyes were now open, and
She looked very strange. He asked her if she was okay, and Lisa replied
that she'd been shot in the back of the head, and had been holding her
brains in for over an hour.

The man called the paramedics, who broke into the car because the doors
were locked and Lisa refused to remove her hands from her head. When
they finally got in, they found that Lisa had a wad of bread dough on
the back of her head. A Pillsbury biscuit canister had exploded from
the heat, making a loud noise that sounded like a gunshot, and the wad
of dough hit her in the back of her head. When she reached back to find
out what it was, she felt the dough and thought it was her brains. She
initially passed out, but quickly recovered and tried to hold her
brains in for over an hour until someone noticed and came to her aid.

And, yes, Lisa is a blonde.

 
 
 The following two-way translations are samples from a book by *Henry
 Beard* entitled "Latin for Even More Occasions" (Lingua Latina Multa
 Pluribus Occasionibus):
 
 Valeo--Vales.
 I'm OK--You're OK.
 
 Rosa rosa rosa est est.
 A rose is a rose is a rose.
 
 Ventis secundis, tene cursum.
 Go with the flow.
 
 In curro meo ab Officina Baiuoaria Mechanica fabricato habeo machinam
 quae litteras per aethera transmittit.
 I have a fax machine in my BMW.
 
 Quid agis, caput assulae?
 How's hacking, chiphead?
 
 Quid gurgustium!
 What a dump!
 
 Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam
 possit materiari?
 How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
 
 Malum Magnum
 The Big Apple
 
 Oppidum Bracteatum
 Tinsel Town
 
 Heia, comes, num aliquid agitur?
 Hey, you got a problem, pal?
 
 Quando prandimus?
 What time is lunch?
 
 Tam diu minime visu!
 Long time no see!
 
 Vale, lacerte!
 See you later, alligator!
 
 Hocine tibi habeas iocum? :)
 Is this your idea of a joke?
 

Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.

He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

A day without sunshine is like, well, night.

On the other hand, you have different fingers.

Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.

Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?

I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.

When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.

Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.

Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.

I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.

He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.

She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the Juneflower.

You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted,
then used against you.

I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.

Honk if you love peace and quiet.

Pardon my driving, I am reloading.

Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?

Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.

 
 Life in prison vs. a full time job in corporate America - A comparison
 
 In prison they spend the majority of their time in a 8' x 10' cell.
 At work, I spend most of my time in a 6' x 8' cubicle.
 
 In prison they get three meals a day.
 At work I only get a break for one meal and I have to pay for that one.
 
 In prison you get time off for good behavior.
 At work I get rewarded for good behavior with more work.
 
 At work I must wear an ID badge at all times.
 In prison they provide you with clothing with the ID conveniently sewn on
 to the clothes.
 
 At work there is a dress standard, but I must buy my own clothes.
 In prison there is a dress standard, but they supply the clothes.
 
 At work I must carry around a security card and unlock and open all the
 doors myself.
 In prison a guard locks and unlocks all the doors for me.
 
 In prison they can watch TV and play games.
 At work I can get fired for watching TV and playing games.
 
 In prison they will pay my way through school to learn a new career and
 give me time to do it.
 At work they will pay for my education, but I must do it on my own time.
 
 In prison they have exercise rooms that they allow you to use almost
 whenever you want.
 At work we have an exercise room that you can use but it must be on your
 time.
 
 In prison I can fall asleep on the job and no serious consequences comes
 from my action.
 At work if I fall asleep on the job I get put on the next AXE list.
 
 In prison they ball and chain you when you go somewhere.
 At work you are just ball and chained.
 
 In prison you have full medical coverage with no deductibles.
 At work you get partial coverage and pay all the deductibles.
 
 In prison all expenses are paid by the tax payer, with no work on their
 part.
 At work you get to pay all the expenses to go to work, and then deduct the
 taxes from your salary to pay for the prisoners.
 


There once was a plummer from Lee,
who was plumming a girl by the sea.
She said stop you plumming,
there's somebody coming.
The plummer still plumming said its me.

There once was a knight named Sir Lancelot,
who the townsfolk would look at in askance a lot.
For whenever he'd pass
a pretty young lass
the front of his pants would advance a lot.

Jonah mused as he cruised through the whale.
I'm in guts up to my nuts in this jail.
But I'll pass through the ass,
in a mass of hot gas,
and depart with a fart through the tail.
>From Sherilyn.
I'm not a contributor to humor, so you can forward my alltime favorite
if you wish:
            A scandel involving an oyster
            Sent the Duchess of Clewes to a Cloister.
            She preferred it in bed
            To the Duke, for she said
            "It is stonger, longer and moister!"
I don't know who originally wrote these, but they are great.
------------------------------------------------------------

There once was a man from Palass,
who had balls made of spun glass.
   When he banged them together,
   they played Stormy Weather,
and fireworks shot out his ass.



There was a top heavy maiden from Yonkers,
who liked to make tit-men go bonkers.
   As a poet would say,
   were he alive today,
whenever she stoops, she conquers.



There once was a couple named Kelly,
who went through life belly-to-belly.
   One day in their unseeming haste,
   they used library paste,
instead of petroleum jelly.



There was young woman from Reno,
who lost all of her money playing Keno.
   So she lie on her back,
   and opened her crack,
and now she owns the casino.



There once was a beautiful young lass,
Her name was Rita, and she had a great ass.
   But, it's not what you think,
   all pretty and pink,
it had a tail, long ears and ate grass!

--
Shaun
A brief word--All the limericks posted were published from 1870 to 1952
in many different forums.  Many, if not most, older limericks may have
an edge to them that people today will notice.  oho

There was a young girl of Penzance
Who boarded a bus in a trance.
        The passengers fucked her,
        Likewise the conductor.
The driver shot off in his pants.                       (1927)

There was an archbishop in France
Who saw a nude woman by chance.
        The resylt, I affirm,
        Was emission of sperm
In the archepiscopal pants.                     (1941)

There was a young lady of Trent
Who said that she knew what it meant
        When he asked her to dine,
        Private room, lots of wine,
She knew, oh she knew!--but she went!           (1940)

There was a stout lady of Cuttack
Posteriorly pecked by a wild duck
        Who pursued her for miles
        And continued his wiles
Till he completely demolished her buttock.      (1943)

The limerick form is complex
Its contents run chiefly to sex
        It burgeons with virgeons
        And masculine urgeons,
And swarms with erotic effex.                   (1944)

A flatulent nun of Hawaii
One Easter eve supped on papaya
        Then honored the Passover
        By turning her ass over
And obliging with Handel's Messiah              (1944)

 
 Subject: *** Memorable Quotes
 
 "Hey Chuck, nice knife!"
         - Childhood friend of Charles Manson, now deceased
 
 "Excuse me sir, is this your penis?"
         -The guy who found Bobbit's dick
 
 "I thought it would make a wicked wave to surf on."
         - Moses, talking about the real reason he parted the Red Sea
 
 "I think we will have to drop the charges, the evidence won't
 stand up in court."
         - The prosecuting attourney in the Bobbit trial
 
 "Well, they were right, it does taste like chicken."
         - One of the survivors of the Himalayan plane crash
 
 "I told you damn rabbits 'Only two!'."
         - Noah, loading up the Ark
 
 "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!"
         - Ben Franklin, the moment he discovered electricity
 
 "Ow, ow, hey, ow, fuck off, stop it, ow, ow, stop it!"
         - Rodney King
 
 "Maybe we should tie one end down...ya think?"
         - An observer of the first (failed) Bungee jump
 
 "Maybe we should use something elastic...ya think?"
         - Same observer at the second (failed) Bungee jump
 
 "Hoooooooollllllllyyyyyyyyyy  Shhhhhiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttt !!!"
         - The first person to ever atempt Bungee jumping
 
 "My legs! Arghhh! My fucking legs!!!!!"
         - The second person to ever attempt Bungee jumping
 
 "I can't believe people laugh at this shit."
         - Steve Martin, contemplating anything he has ever done
 
 "Now what the fuck do I do?"
         - The Russian cosmonaut after the collapse of the Soviet
           Union
 
 "What the hell are you trying to say?"
         - Any dog looking at its owner
 
 "I still can't understand why anyone buys this shit."
         - The brewers at Labatt, discussing 50
 
 "Now how come I didn't think of that?"
         - The owner of a little book depository in Dallas
 
 "Wow, some lady walked into my room, picked me up, and put her
 breast in my mouth. I liked it!"
         - A baby boys first tangeable thought
 
 "What the..."
         - Famous last words of anyone stepping out in front of a
           truck
 
 "No, I didn't mean I believe I _am_ Jesus Christ, I meant I
 believe *IN* Jesus Christ!"
         - David Koresh, trying to get his ass out of the fire
 
 "Uh, just kidding!?!"
         - David Koresh, still trying to get his ass out of the fire
 
 "Guess I shouldn't have pissed them off."
         - Saddam Hussein, talking to one of his advisors, right
           before the Americans attacked
 
 "Hey!  Give me my fucking arm back!"
         - One of Jeffery Dahlmers victims
 
 "This is good Jeff, what is it?"
         - One of Jeffery Dahlmers friends, having dinner that evening
 
 "Hey!  Come on Jeff, now put the knife down!"
         - Jeffery Dahlmers friend, later that evening
 
 "Holy shit!  I'm boiling human heads! What the fuck am I thinking?!"
         - Jeffery Dahlmer's momentary lapse of sanity
 
 "What pretty lights!"
         - Any deer, any highway, late at night
 
 "Get me a bitch, I'm really horny!"
         - What Lassie was really trying to say when Timmy fell down
           the well
 
 "Watch me pull up nice and close to this iceberg."
         - The captain of the Titanic, trying to impress on of the
           female passengers
 
 "Chuck!  You made it, and you brought some friends!"
         - The host of the party the Manson family stormed
 
 "Rats!  Big Motherfucking Rats!"
         - Walt Disney, when asked what his vision for Disney World
           was
 
 
         Thanks to: Brian St. Pierre for this contribution


Bill Gates meets Hugh Grant at a Hollywood party. They are talking and
Bill says, "I've seen some great pictures of Divine Brown lately, I
sure would like to get together with her!"

Hugh replies, "Well Bill, you know ever since our incident, her price
has skyrocketed, she's charging a small fortune."

Bill (with a chuckle), "Hugh, money's no object to me. What's her
number?"

So Hugh gives Bill her number and Bill sets up a date. They meet &
after they finish, Bill is lying there in ecstasy, mumbling

"Divine... Divine... Divine... oh God... now I know why you choose the
name Divine."

To which she replies, "Thank you Bill. And now I know how you chose
the name Microsoft."

                            MICROSOFT
                            =========

_________________________
Microsoft:
     Contract programming house for IBM, and primary sustainer of the clone
     market.  IBM pays MS to write fancy software, then MS tweaks it a little,
     slaps the MS logon on it, and sells it to all the clone folks so they can
     keep competing with IBM.  There is no truth to the rumor that former
     Mafioso procure the IBM contracts for MS.  All products are given generic
     names (Word, Project, Works, Windows, etc.) to (a) confuse everybody
     unless (b) the name "Microsoft" is constantly repeated.  Made the founder
     $300,000,000+ in one day.
_________________________
From: zoinks@netcom.com (Chris Blackwell)

This friday I go some comp tickets to the annual Computer Bowl.
Usually a pretty dry affair, but I just had to share this one with you
all. (This is from memory, so the text may not be 100% verbatim)

The question posed was "What contest, held on the Internet, is
dedicated to examples of wierd, obscure, bizzare and really bad
programming?" (They were referring to the Obfuscated C contest)

For about 30 seconds the participants thought about it, and it was
apparent that nobody knew the answer. Then one of the French
contestants buzzed. His answer - "Microsoft Windows"

The expression on Bill Gates face (he was one of the judges) was
classic.
_________________________
Q: How many Microsoft engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: None:  they just redefine darkness as the industry standard.
_________________________
As you may be aware Bill Gates is about to launch Microsoft Wife.
After 3 years of marriage, Bill may upgrade to Wife 2.0.
_________________________
From: Sherri.Alashari@Eng.Sun.COM (Sherri Al-Ashari)

Remember that Microsoft joke that someone sent out last week, the one
that says it doesn't take any Microsoft engineers to screw in a light
bult because they'd just redefine darkness to be the standard?  Well
it was amazingly prescient.

Seattle's Saturday newspaper carried a front-page story about Bill
Gates' most recent traffic ticket.  Rather than pay the $47 fine for
turning left against *three* "No Left Turn" signs, he had his lawyers
challenge the legality of the sign!  And not only that sign; they
asked the city to prove it has the legal right to post any traffic
signs!!  Can you believe it.  The challenge didn't work, but the city
was so slow about proving the signs okay--it's not like they do it
every day--the traffic judge dismissed the ticket.
_________________________
Monday morning God decided that the world had reached the point of no
return.  So, he called Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin, and Bill Gates to
the gates of heaven.  He informed them of his decision and told them
to go back to their people and prepare them for the end of the world
on Thursday.

Boris Yeltsin gets on state television and tells his people that he
has bad news and worse news.  After decades of telling the Soviet
citizens that there is no God, he now realizes that he was wrong.  He
has seen God with his own eyes.  Worse yet, God has decided to destroy
the world and each person needs to prepare for Thursday as each sees
fit.

Bill Clinton calls a press conference and says that he has good news
and bad news.  After centuries of telling the US citizens that there
is a God, he has proof that we've been right.  He has seen God with
his own eyes.  But the bad news is that God has decided to destroy the
world and each person needs to prepare for Thursday as each sees fit.

Bill Gates calls an all-hands meeting.  He says that he has wonderful
news and even more wonderful news.  God, by calling him to the gates
of heaven with the leaders of the two most powerful nations in the
world, has just confirmed how important Bill Gates really is.  The
even better news is that on Thursday, IBM will stop shipping OS/2.
_________________________
Could've been written about Microsoft products:

"If you have a knife 9" in my back, and you pull it out 3", that is
 not progress"

        --Malcolm X
_________________________
1980's fortune:
  Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  The answer is yes.

1990's fortune:
  Microsoft is not the answer.
  Microsoft is the question.
  The answer is "Just Say No!"
_________________________
"My view of Microsoft is that they had two goals in the last 10 years:
 to copy the Macintosh and to copy Lotus' success in the applications
 business.  And they accomplished those goals.  Now, they're kind of
 lost.  I've told Bill [Gates] that I think it's in Microsoft's best
 interest if NeXT becomes successful because we'll give him something
 to copy for the rest of this decade."

        -- Steve Jobs
_________________________
There once was a super Windows NT salesman that travel the world with
a great "can do everything and all" Windows NT demo (but the real
stuff was vaporware).  He sold it lonely Windows NT'ers like me and
made lots of money.  One day while dashing through the O'Hare Airport
to catch a flight he drop dead of a heart attack.

At the gates of heaven he was judged.  He had lived a borderline life
and was given the option of heaven or hell.  He could look into the
doors of each and choose.  As he opened the door to heaven, wonderful
music harp music played, he saw people floating on clouds and all was
bright and white.

Next he opened the doors to hell and saw nude people drinking beer and
dancing to rock and roll music.  Everyone was partying to the max.  It
was just like his one year at college.

As He met with his maker again, he said, Heaven is great and
wonderful, but other is more my style.  Think carefully he was told
but the other was his wish.

As the doors opened for him the intense heat hit him and he was pulled
in.  He stood before the devil and saw pain and sorrow everywhere.  He
shouted at the devil, "Where is the party and beer?".  The devil
laughed, "that was the demo, this is the real thing!"  :)

Bruce
_________________________
Since we can't make it good, we try to make it look good.
        - Bill Gates
_________________________
> Can you explain the mysterious popularity of Billy Joel?? Could he be
> the Anti-Christ??

And in response, thus spake the Oracle:

} No, because there's only one Antichrist, and Bill Gates has applied for
} the post.  It's really obvious.  Whenever you install a M$ product on a
} computer, all the speed goes straight to hell.
}
} You owe the Oracle a harder question.
_________________________
> Dear Oracle, master of all knowledge, what does UNIX stand for?

And in response, thus spake the Oracle:

} Ken Thompson claims that UNIX is "a weak pun on Multics," but this is
} a lie.  UNIX is a weak pun on eunuch.  Look around you.  Are any of
} your male peers ever going to reproduce?  And if their significant
} others DO become pregnant-- will you not doubt the identity of the
} father?
}
} UNIX is not all that impressive an operating system.  Why, then, is it
} so popular?  *UNIX is addictive!*  And, just like heroin, the UNIX
} drive quickly displaces the sex drive.  (Oh, sure, computer geeks talk
} a lot about wanting to get laid... but do they ever *do* anything
} about it?)
}
} Yet terrible as UNIX addiction is, there are worse fates.  If UNIX is
} the heroin of operating systems, then VMS is barbiturate addiction,
} the Mac is MDMA, and MS-DOS is sniffing glue.  (Windows is filling
} your sinuses with lucite and letting it set.)
}
} You owe the Oracle a twelve step program.
_________________________
An addition to the list of Operating Systems as rail systems:

MS-DOS is like the US rail system.  It's there, but you gotta
find other ways of getting where they want to go.
_________________________
        Fortran is the cockroach of programming languages
        MS-DOS is the Fortran of operating systems
        MS-Windows is the MS-DOS of windowing systems.
_________________________
About a year ago, a study published in _Academic_Computing_
entitled "Student Writing: Can the Machine Maim the Message"
suggested that college freshmen using Macintoshes wrote poorer
essays than students using DOS-based computers.

The researcher ran the compositions through the Unix Writer's
Workbench and tallied the scores.  She also graded them by hand.
Apart from inferior writing quality, she also found that students
using PCs, generally speaking, created more coherent work on more
serious issues (like crime, the death penalty and abortion) as
compared with Macintosh users, who wrote about fast food and
graffiti.

 Notice that this was a while ago, before Windoze.
 What do you think freshman students who used TeX wrote about?
_________________________

        _   /|
        \'o.O'
        =(___)=
           U

     THPTH! ACKHH!

Join Bill the Cat in the President's war against DOS.

          DOS

       JUST SAY

          NO
_________________________
Movie titles:
The Primeval Terror -- MS-DOS
Revenge of the Mutant Horror -- OS/2
Windows NT -- The Nightmare Continues
_________________________
Seen in the "women seeking men" part of the "Phone-Match" section of the
San Diego _Reader_ (freebie weekly newspaper):

   ARROGANT ENGINEER WANTED.  Educated, savvy brunette seeks tall,
   extremely intelligent, engineering type.  Ex-geeks welcome.
   Social skills not necessary; will train.  No drug or MS-DOS users.
_________________________
"MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years
of careful development."  ---dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca
_________________________
Bumper Sticker: "Help stamp out progress, Run Windows"
_________________________
From: a_rubin@dsg4.dse.beckman.com (Arthur Rubin)

In <2i3vau$e43@news.duke.edu> rcml@acpub.duke.edu (Robert Lonon) writes:

>I'm looking for a utility that will slow down my 486 enough that
>I can run some of the older games I've got that are simply
>too fast to play on a 486.  Does anyone out there know
>of a site I could download such a program from?

It's called MS Windows.
_________________________
  "When you say 'I wrote a program that crashed Windows', people
  just stare at you blankly and say 'Hey, I got those with the
  system, *for free*'"

    - Linus Torvalds
_________________________
At Microsoft, Quality is Job 1.01
-- 
_________________________


 The Single Woman's Language Guide-How To Translate Menspeak

 When He Says                           He Really Means
 ------------                           ---------------

 Do you have the time?                  to go to bed

 Hello                                  Let's cut the talk and go have sex.

 How are you?                           in bed, I mean

 I'd like a discreet relationship.      I want sex, but I'm married.

 I'll be out of town for a few days.    I'll be spending time with the wife.

 I'm a novelist.                        I have 10 unpublished books.

 I'm coming off a long relationship.    My wife is divorcing me.

 I'm consulting.                        I'm looking for a job.

 I'm divorced.                          I just slipped off my wedding ring.

 I'm in television.                     I fix them.

 I'm involved in banking.               I'm a bank guard.

 I'm self-employed.                     I just got fired.

 I'm sorry I flirted with your sister.  I'm sorry I got caught.

 I'm thinking of relocating.            I can't find a job locally in this town.

 I can't leave my wife just yet..soon.  Be patient forever.

 I enjoy reading.                       Playboy and Penthouse.

 I have the Midas touch.                I install mufflers.

 I like a woman who is intelligent.     As long as she acts like I'm smarter.

 I love opera.                          I want sex, but I've seen an opera once.

 I play the market.                     Safeway I work high up in an executive.

 I work with computers.                 I'm a cashier at a gas station.

 Looking for a satisfying relationship.     I want sex.

 My business is really hot right now!   I hand out towels in a steam room.

 My job keeps me running.               I'm a messenger.

 My wife and I are separated.           She's at home and I'm here at the bar.

I am enjoying the list of college practical jokes so much I thought
I'd add a few (all of them have been used successfully; actually,
they were all used in a two week time span (along with some of the
other ones already posted) and a HUGE fight was started) ...

1 -     Take one of those Hallmark greeting cards that has a musical
        coin inside it - you know, the ones that play music when
        you open them.  Take the musical coin and put it underneath
        the mark's bed.  The music will be too quiet to hear when
        everyone is up and about, but will be faintly heard when the
        mark goes to sleep.  Guaranteed to drive him crazy!  Laugh
        out loud as he rips his bed apart!

2 -     On the night of a big exam that everyone is studying for,
        look out for the first person to go to sleep.  After you are
        sure that he is asleep throw the fuse box switch for his
        room.  This will turn off all the electricity in his room
        and will reset his alarm clock to midnight.  Loads of laughs
        when he misses the exam and fails out of school!

3 -     If somebody has an electrical appliance that really annoys you
        (stereo, hairdryer) put some clear nail polish around the prongs
        and let dry.  When dry, insert prongs back into the wall
        (nail polish is an insulator, but do this at your own risk).
        Hardly anybody thinks of checking the prongs when something
        doesn't work - they'll probably throw the whole thing out!

4 -     Extremely interesting sculptures can be made by tossing water
        directly into your freezer and then slamming the door shut.
        The contracting ice will not freeze the door shut.
        Add things like old shoes and books to get a three dimensional
        ice sculpture.  Ooops!  You accidentaly added somebody's car
        keys, or other important items and it will take at least a day
        for all the ice to melt!

5 -     Unscrew all the hinges on somebody's door and howl with laughter
        when they enter and the door crashes and breaks a few of their things!

6 -     Somebody pissing you off through improper laundry room protocol?
        Toss a leaky fountain pen cartridge into their wash and let
        nature run its course!

7 -     Another big exam?  Join in the study group and be the person who
        needs the most help over basic things, and always suggests ordering pizza,
        and shooting the bull, and let's stay up all night!, etc. and then faint
        with glee when you go to bed nice and early - you're not in the class
        after all and were only wasting everyone's time!

8 -     Shoot bottle rockets under somebody's door as they are asleep -
        guaranteed to scare them!

9 -     Soak a tennis ball in hair spray and light and then toss into somebody's
        room.  For some reason this scares the beejesus out of most people.
        (also a good way to get thrown out of school if you are found out).

10 -    Worried about marks getting revenge?  Get a large collection of urine
        in a glass jar with a sealable lid.  Toss in a couple of raw eggs,
        seal up, and store in a cool dark place for a couple of weeks.
        Nobody will ever give you any trouble when they know you have
        this at your disposal!  Take things a bit too far by actually
        throwing it on somebody!


 
      Since I learn almost everything by making mistakes, I thought some
      of you might avoid a little grief if I listed a few of them:
 
  1.  When you spill coffee on a floppy disk, the drive does not
      serve as a "spin-dry" cycle
 
  2.  After hooking a monochrome monitor into a rgb output video card,
      the firemen make rude comments about not thinking
 
  3.  You get flamed on an echo if your post to someone started with
      "Hey look, bonehead"
 
  4.  Liquid spilled into a keyboard never does "dry up" as quickly
      as you think it should
 
  5.  The only files you will ever want of an out-of-state bulletin
      board are files all over 2 megabytes long, in 6 parts.
 
  6.  Locking the keyboard out then losing the key on a Saturday night
      means no computer until Monday morning
 
  7.  Setting a password in your CMOS then forgetting it will cause
      many hours of panicky misery when you reboot
 
  8.  Most hard disks don't survive falls off of the tabletop
 
  9.  Printers don't work too well if you forget to plug them into
      the computer - spent 4 hours learning this maxim
 
 10.  When you tell a client that a particular piece of equipment
      doesn't do something, the revised version that does always hits
      the streets 2 weeks before you say it
 
 11.  Actually reading the manual only leads to confusion
 
 12.  While computers now have viruses, floppy disks don't actually get
      cold sores, that's a cigarette burn on the media
 
 13.  While you don't want to forget an important diskette for a client,
      putting it on the refrigerator with a magnet is not a good place
 
 14.  Never schedule a backup to coincide with a major power failure
 
 15.  When the lights in the house go very dim, it's because your
      computer is about to burn up - the same firemen get rude again
 
 16.  Frequently re-used floppies can get a waxy label build-up
 
 17.  The larger your hard disk, the more software you will buy
 
 18.  No matter how fast your modem is, it's slow
 
 19.  There is no such thing as screen colors that are "easy on the eyes"
 
 20.  Installation is easy, setup is moderately difficult, but tweaking
      to highest performance takes a lifetime
 
 21.  The warranty always DOES run out the day before
 
 22.  When you unpack a new piece of equipment to test it before
      delivery to a customer, it NEVER fits back into the box like
      it came out
 
 23.  If we all spoke Taiwanese, Chinese and Korean, schematics and docs
      would be easier to understand
 
 24.  Always, always write down which pins the red and black wires came
      off of when you took it apart
 
 25.  Always save all the parts left over after putting computer back
      together.
 

WINDOWS ERRORS in HAIKU

In Japan, they have replaced the impersonal and unhelpful
Microsoft error messages with their own haiku poetry.
Each haiku has three unrhymed lines of five, seven, and five
syllables.

Your file was so big.
It might be very useful.
But now it is gone.

The Web site you seek
Can not be located but
Countless more exist.

Chaos reigns within.
Reflect, repent, and reboot.
Order shall return.

ABORTED effort:
Close all that you have worked on.
You ask far too much.

Windows NT crashed.
I am the Blue Screen of Death.
No one hears your screams.

Yesterday it worked.
Today it is not working.
Windows is like that.

First snow, then silence.
This thousand dollar screen dies
So beautifully.

With searching comes loss
And the presence of absence:
"My Novel" not found.

The Tao that is seen
Is not the true Tao--until
You bring fresh toner.

Stay the patient course.
Of little worth is your ire.
The network is down.

A crash reduces
Your expensive computer
To a simple stone.

Three things are certain:
Death, taxes, and lost data.
Guess which has occurred.

You step in the stream,
But the water has moved on.
This page is not here.

Out of memory.
We wish to hold the whole sky,
But we never will.

Having been erased,
The document you're seeking
Must now be retyped.

Serious error.
All shortcuts have disappeared.
Screen. Mind. Both are blank.

These were stolen from    http://www.RixPlace.com/library/taglines.html
It says this kind of 
thievery was quite common, so I take it it's ok for me to put it here.



                               Nudist Taglines

                                A Bit O'Humor

      In the olden days, 2-3 years ago, a "tagline" was a one-line message
 that was attached to e-mail, primarily used at private Bulletin Boards
 (BBS's).

      The idea behind a tagline is to tell an entire story, joke, or
 express a philosophy in not more than one line. These taglines are from
 the Daily Sun (Nudist) BBS (now closed) that Rick operated from
 1993-1996. Rick thanks everyone whose taglines he stole! By the way:
 tagline thievery was common practice among BBS'ers.

      Today, taglines have evolved into "signature blocks." They've become
 bloated, and can ramble on for 1/2 of the message. An art form has been
 lost... (sigh)

  "On the fourth day of
  telecommuting, I realized that        "If it's so dirty to be naked, why
  clothes are totally unnecessary."     do we get naked to get clean?"
  -- Dilbert                            -- Bryan Maloney

    I've got a brand NUDE attitude!     You'll never catch a Nudist with
                                        his pants down.

  He who sleeps in the raw is in for
  a NUDE awakening.                     Skin does not equal sin.

  Most of the year, a Montana Nudist    "Clothes make the man, but
  is a Polar Bare.                      nakedness makes the human being."
                                        -- Kevin Kearney

  A flying saucer???!!
  Naw. Some nudist just spilled his          A harp is a nude piano.
  coffee.

  A nudist is one who suffers from      A smile is the sunshine that is a
  clothes-trophobia.                    part of life.

     A waist is a terrible thing to     Adam to Eve -- "I'll wear the
                 mind.                  plants in this family."

   Ain't nobody's business but my own.  Algebra: What the Little Mermaid
                                        wears.

   Are Scottish Nudists Off Kilt-er?    At a nude wedding, everybody can
                                        see who the best man is.

  Beaches are Free, but Nudist          Behind every succesfull man is
  Resorts have Cover Charges.           woman with nothing to wear.

  "Beauty when most unclothed is
  clothed best."                        Beware of all enterprises that
       -- Phineas Fletcher (English     require new clothes.
  Poet, 1582-1650)

  Betazoid Wedding Dress - Can't beat   Counselor Troi, please report to
  the price.                            my room. Clothing optional.

  ...Born naked, wet and hungry         Brian Hackett on Wings: "Think of
  ...and it gets worse!??               it as a country - Naked Land."

     Buddhist nudists practices yoga     Buffer: Programmer who works in
                 bare!                              the nude.

  But you can't let her drive! She's    Clothes were made to tell the
  legally blonde! See??!                difference between lawyers and
                                        people.

  Curious how naked death is less        D.A.M.N. (Naked Mothers Against
  obscene than naked women.                         Dyslexia)

    Do Nudist Resorts Clothes for the   Everyone needs a place in the sun,
                winter?                 especially when it rains.

  First they take your money, then      Floor: The place where you keep
  your clothes.                         your clothes.

      Keep abreast of developments:     Greeting between two nudists:
          Go to a nude beach.           "Buffalo" (Buff-Hello!)

  He who joins a nudist club pays a     "Hehehe cool V.bis! Nudie .gifs!"
  cover charge!!                        -- Baudhead

                                        Hell's just had bad P.R. Now
   I can type 10% faster in the nude.   where's my 1,000,000 suntan
                                        block?!

     Home Safety Tip #1: Don't iron
             whilst naked.              How do nudists play Flag Football?

  How do you tell a blind guy in a
  nudist resort? It's not hard.                 I hate tanlines.

  I hate tanlines. I don't have             I seem to be outgrowing my
  tanlines. Want to check it out?                birthday suit.

    I was naked when I wrote this...    I'd give up women if they didn't
                                        look so damn good naked...

  I'd love to, but I left my body in    I'm a natural blonde. See??!
  my other clothes.                     Please speak slowly.

     I'm as confused as a baby at a
              topless bar.              I'm not naked; I've got my hat on.

      I'm completely nude under my      Is this as much fun as you can
                clothes.                have with your clothes on?

   If clothes make a man then what is         If everyone were nude,
               a nudist?                    there would be no war....

  If God had for us to be nudists we    If God had meant for us to be
  would have been born that way.        naked, we would be so born.

                                        "If (the topless females) were
                                        violating any other rules, like
  If nudity was natural, we all would   sitting on a subway bench topless
  have been born naked.                 smoking a cigarette, then we would
                                        take action!" -New York Transit
                                        Authority

  Little boy to little girl:            Nudity was against everything Mom
       "You can't touch it, you broke   taught me. Guess what? Mom was
  yours."                               wrong!

  If you run out of underwear, you're   If you want to hide your face,
  streaking...                          walk naked.

   It's hard to be serious when you're  It's OK to wear the same thing
                 naked.                 every day: a smile.

  Lesson #1, don't fry bacon in the     Laundry: A place where clothes are
  nude                                  mangled.

        Nude: Barefoot all over.        "Nakedness is seldom seen but
                                        often noticed." - Chinese proverb

  Look for the girl with the sun in      Make a bold fashion statement:
  her eyes...                                      Get Naked.

  Naked Lunch - World Tour - 1995       Nature always sides with the
                                        hidden flaw!

  New-d callers use Georgia,            New-d callers use The Daily Sun
  Naturally! (Nudist) BBS...            (Nudist) BBS...

  Nudist investors favor a BARE         Nudist Lifestyle: Nothing Ventured
  market.                               Nothing Gained!

  Nudist Timezones: Light, Dark,        Nudist: "I'd give you the shirt
  Hungry, Next Week                     off my back...."

  Nudists always know where their       Nudists are friendly:
  towel is...                           When you wear only a smile you
                                        smile a lot.

        Nudists have more Sun...         Nudists have no dirty laundry!

  Nudists wear double-breasted          Self Expression Is The Key To
  Birthday Suits.                       Mental Health. Get naked now.

  She was naked and then
  &Zi?#+n*E#|2+A= NO CARRIER            Sharewear (n.) -- Used clothing.

  Silk was invented so that women       Skyclad dancing to the beat of the
  could go naked in clothes             drum.

  So, who's the dummy that invented
  clothes?                                 Sun your buns; do it nude!

  Sun your buns. Parking Lot G. Sandy   Surf naked; sharks hate to peel
  Hook, New Jersey.                     their food...

  Tagless messages just look naked         Terminator bumper sticker:
  somehow...                                   I TIME TRAVEL NAKED

  Trick Question: In what state were
  you born? .....(Answer): Nude.        The nude man fears no pickpockets!

   The only red menace left in America  They're laughing and having fun,
              is sunburn.               they MUST be up to something!

   Under that black robe, is the judge  Underneath all these clothes I am
                 nude?                          completely naked!

    4-Letter obscenities for nudists:
                 "COLD"                 "Very funny, Scotty. Now, BEAM
                 "RAIN"                 DOWN MY CLOTHES!!!"
                 "WORK"

  What George really said: "Read my     When a New Yorker looks as if he's
  lips, no nude Texans"                 suntanned, it's probably rust.

  What should you give a nudist for
  Christmas?                            "Which of these would look best on
  What CAN you get a nudist for         me naked?" -- Lwaxanna
  Christmas?

       Why are new nudists called
             "Cottontails?"             Yogi Bare was a Buddhist Nudist.

  You are never fully dressed until     You can always tell a nudist by
  you wear a smile.                     the one-button suits they wear!

  You don't have to be skinny to         You never outgrow your birthday
  enjoy skinny-dipping.                               suit.

       Non-Nudists are involved in      The Bare Family: Momma Bare, Poppa
              cover-ups!!               Bare, and Baby Bare.

  ...# May All Your Children Be Born    The Best thing to wear every day
  Naked #...                            is a smile.

       The Emperor is STILL naked.      Nudists wear double-breasted
                                        birthday suits.

         SANS REUNION TOUR '96          Farvergnaked: Nude German Driver.

  "Take off all your clothes and walk
  down the street waving a machete
  and firing a Uzi, and terrified       My parents told me "wear clothes".
  citizens will phone the police and    They also said "Santa Clause comes
  report: "There's a naked person       down the chimney"
  outside!" --Mike Nichols

  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    "What spirit is so empty and
  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    blind, that it cannot recognize
  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    the fact that the foot is more
  ......said the nudist, rolling down   noble than the shoe, and skin more
  the hill...                           beautiful than the garment with
  -The Benny Hill Show                  which it is clothed?"
                                        -- Michaelangelo

[For the uninitiated:
   MAF     Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries
   DoC     Department of Conservation
   WINZ    Work and Income New Zealand  (who hand out the benefits)
   tapu    (Maori) taboo, being sacred (religion)
   kakapo  one of three New Zealand native parrots, now almost extinct,
           despite best efforts long-term survival is questionable
]


IF NOAH LIVED TODAY...

And the Lord spoke to Noah and said, "In one year, I am going to make
it rain and cover the whole earth with water until all flesh is
destroyed. But I want you to save the righteous people and two of every
kind of living thing on the earth. Therefore, I am commanding you to
build an Ark." In a flash of lightning, God delivered the
specifications for an Ark. In fear and trembling, Noah took the plans
and agreed to build the Ark. "Remember," said the Lord, "You must
complete the Ark and bring everything aboard in one year."

Exactly one year later, fierce storm clouds covered the earth and all
the seas of the earth went into a tumult. The Lord saw that Noah was
sitting in his front yard weeping. "Noah," he shouted, "Where is the
Ark?" "Lord, please forgive me!" cried Noah. "I did my best, but there
were big problems.

First, I had to get a Resource Consent for construction and your plans
did not meet the codes. I had to hire an engineering firm and redraw
the plans and get an engineer's report from the Council. Then I got into
a fight with NZ Fire Service over whether or not the Ark needed a
sprinkler system and smoke alarms, and the Ministry of Health over the
provision of smoking or non smoking areas. Then the Residents
Association objected, claiming I was violating SAM zoning ordinances by
building an Ark in my front yard that was a recreational watercraft and
therefore a threat to existing homes.

Then I had problems getting enough wood for the Ark, because of the
ban on native logging on the West Coast. They tried to get me to
use Fijian Jara but I couldn't get the necessary dispensation from
Customs & Excise to import timber from a Pacific Island nation that
wasn't party to the international working party on the life cycle of
native timbers. I finally convinced DoC that I needed the wood to
indirectly save the kakapo from extinction which seemed to get a bit
of a reaction, however, the Royal Forest and Bird Society objected
and won't let me catch any kakapo. No kakapo. No wood.

Under the new Employment Contracts Act, the carpenters formed a union
and went out on strike. I had to negotiate a settlement under the
provisions of good faith bargaining before anyone would pick up a saw
or a hammer. OSH arrived and now I have to produce a Hazard Management
and Safety procedure before they start work and ACC are insisting we
pre-pay our annual premiums on the basis we may not be returning. So
now I have 16 carpenters on the Ark, but no kakapo and no wood.

When news got out that I was rounding up other animals, MAF arrived and
insisted I build quarantine facilities to hold them in for the 6 months
before sailing. The also wanted blood samples to prove no genetic
engineering practices were involved.

The next thing I know, the Regional Council is knocking on my door.
They want an Enviromental Impact Report on the proposed flood: the area
it would cover, the amount of water in cubic metres, impact on local
micro-ecosystems, velocity and force of water, cost to manufacturing
and production and local transport, areas for possible relocation and
resettlement. I tried telling them they were missing the point
entirely.

Right now, I am trying to resolve a complaint filed with the Equal
Opportunities Commission and the Race Relations Office that our
selection criteria does not fairly reflect the age, gender, religious
and race diversity of Earth.

Finally WINZ has waded in. They have seized my assets for alleged non
payment of child support. It seems a local baseball coach is claiming I
knocked her up last year at the tapu lifting ceremony for the
relocation of the New Plymouth cemetery. Mrs Noah is beside herself.
She's enrolled herself in the Women in Leadership Seminar and has
applied to the Waitangi Tribunal for her share of Tainui's corporate
box at Ericson stadium and is leaving me.

I really don't think I can finish the Ark for another five or six
years", Noah wailed. The sky began to clear, the sun began to shine and
the seas began to calm. A rainbow arched across the sky. Noah looked up
hopefully. "You mean you are not going to destroy the earth, Lord?"
"No", said the Lord sadly. "I don't have to. The government already
has."

                                      author unknown (but clever!)

 
         MOTHERHOOD AIN'T WHAT IT'S CRACKED UP TO BE
 Motherhood is really great
 From the first day that you know you're late.
 A lovely redness taints your cheeks
 And breakfast won't stay down for weeks.
 The Doctor pokes and pries and prods
 With antiseptic sterile rods.
 Oh, motherhood can be a riot
 When they put you on that special diet.
 Your ankles swell and tummy too.
 You crave strange foods like pickle stew.
 Your mind is filled with ugly fears.
 Your belly button disappears.
 Your clothes won't fit you anymore.
 You have to shop the "fatty" store.
 The kicks field goals deep inside.
 You curse the day the rabbit died.
 You pant and hate familiar stairs.
 You must have help in leaving chairs.
 You have bad moods, you boil and seethe.
 You go to class to learn to breathe.
 You start to blame you mate for this
 What some fools call "maternal bliss."
 When all those labor pains won't halt,
 You think: "It's all my husband's fault!"
 When your legs are strapped high in the air,
 The dirty rat ain't even there!
 And when the pain is most intense,
 You'd kill the bum for fifteen cents!
 --author unknown
 


From my friend, an ACT-voting accountant


The NZ dollar has continued its slide against the US Dollar and the
Pound Sterling. The dollar reached historic lows mid-week, dropping
below 46 NZ cents to the greenback. A NZ dollar now buys one gram of
hamster droppings and half a glass of Thames river water in the United
Kingdom.

Since the beginning of last week, many currency transactions bureaus in
France and Germany have been turning away NZ backpackers who have
wheelbarrows full of their useless home currency, desperate to change
it before its value declines even further.

The drop in the dollar has also had a dramatic impact for NZ tourists,
making the cost of travel prohibitively expensive and making many
people cancel their travel plans. In an early response to the
situation, American Express has modified its advertising campaign,
shortening its slogan specifically for the NZ market. It now simply
reads "Don't leave home".

But the new rates have made NZ an increasingly attractive destination
for tourists from the UK and US. Speaking from her palatial suite at a
harbourside hotel in Auckland, Shayla Mohr, a single mother from Idaho
on welfare, agreed that the beneficial exchange rates played a major
part in her decision to travel to NZ. "My food stamps don't go very far
at all back home" said Ms Mohr, "So I decided to cash them in a have a
trip to NZ. My last dole cheque has funded three weeks here and I've
been having a ball. You guys have such cute little money".

Despite the decline against the major currencies, the NZ dollar did
rally against some minor currencies in late trading on Friday. The
dollar posted gains against the dong, the rouble and the rupee before
markets closed.

The dollar also made some late gains against Monopoly Money. One NZ
dollar now buys 36 Monopoly cents, a rate which has caused difficulties
because there are no cents in Monopoly. But major owners of Monopoly
Money, such as Microsoft's Bill Gates, have refused to trade their cash
for NZ currency, dismissing the dollar as "pretend money".

In a statement from the beehive, finance minister Michael Cullen stated
that NZers have never had it so good. "Why would anyone want to holiday
overseas anyway. NZ is a great place to be, especially at this time of
the year. Those people contemplating an overseas trip in future will be
subject to The Holiday, Enjoyment and Fun Tax (THEFT). This new
deduction will be targeted at anyone who looks like they might have any
disposable income that might be spent on anything pleasurable."
Supporters of the new tax within the coalition government have
applauded Mr Cullen's initiative as innovative but not far reaching
enough. "It's this sort of measure that will entice ex-patriot Kiwis
back to NZ" said Mr Anderton in response to the announcement.

The Organic Blueberry Millionaire


An unemployed man goes to try for a job with Microsoft as a cleaner.
The manager there arranges for an aptitude test (Section: Floors,
sweeping of ...).

After the test, the manager tells him: "You will be appointed on the
scale of $30 per day. Let me have your email address, so that I can
send you a form to complete and advise you where to report for work on
your first day."

Taken aback, the unemployed man protests that he is neither in
possession of a computer nor of an email address. To this the MS
manager replies: "Well, then, that really means that you virtually
don't exist and can therefore hardly expect to be employed."

Stunned, the man leaves. Not knowing where to turn and only having
about $10 left, he decides to buy a 10kg box of organic blueberries.
Within less than two hours, he sells the blueberries at 100% profit.

Repeating the process several times more that day, he ends up with
almost $100 before going to sleep that night.

And thus it dawns on the man that he could quite easily make a living
selling blueberries. Getting up early and earlier every day and going
to bed late and later, he multiplies his hoard of profits in quite a
short time.

Not too long thereafter, he acquires a cart to transport several dozen
boxes of blueberries, only to have to trade it in again shortly
afterwards on a pick-up truck. By the end of the first year, he is the
owner of a fleet of pick-up trucks and manages a staff of several
hundred formerly unemployed people, all selling organic produce.

Considering the future of his wife and children, he decides to buy some
life insurance.

Calling an insurance adviser, he picks an insurance plan to fit his new
circumstances. At the end of the telephone conversation, the adviser
asks him for his email address in order that he might forward the
documentation.

When the man replies that he has no email, the adviser is stunned:
"What, you don't have email? How on earth have you managed to amass
such wealth without the Internet, e-mail and e-commerce? Just imagine
where you would have been by now, if you had been connected from the
very start!"

After a moment's silence, the blueberry millionaire replied: "Sure! I
would have been a cleaner at Microsoft!

The morals of the story are:

1: The Internet, email and e-commerce do not need to rule your life

2: Get e-mail, if you want to be a cleaner at Microsoft

3: If you don't have email, but work hard, you can still become a
millionaire

4: Seeing that you got this story via email, you're probably closer to
becoming a cleaner than you are to becoming a millionaire

5: If you do have a computer and email, you're probably being taken to
the cleaners by Microsoft


 
  Hi,
  my boss has asked me for comments and improvements on his new password
  security policy. To me, it seems a bit severe. If anyone can offer any
  additional suggestions please do, here goes...
  
  For immediate issue:
  Password changing guidelines V2.2b
  
  Due to new security policies, the following guidelines have
  been issued to assist in choosing new passwords. Please follow
  them closely.
  
  Passwords must conform to at least 21 of the following attributes.
  
  1.  Minimum length 8 characters
  2.  Not in any dictionary.
  3.  No word or phrase bearing any connection to the holder.
  4.  Containing no characters in the ASCII character set.
  5.  No characters typeable on a Sun type 5 keyboard
  6.  No subset of one character or more must have appeared on
      Usenet news, /dev/mem, rand(3), or the King James bible (version 0.1alpha)
  7.  Must be quantum theoretically secure, i.e. must automatically change
      if observed (to protect against net sniffing).
  8.  Binary representation must not contain any of the sequences 00 01 10 11,
      commonly known about in hacker circles.
  9.  Be provably different from all other passwords on the internet.
  10. Not be representable in any human language or written script.
  11. Colour passwords must use a minimum 32 bit pallette.
  12. Changed prior to every use.
  13. Resistant to revelation under threat of physical violence.
  14. Contain tissue samples of at least 3 vital organs.
  15. Incontravertible by OJ Simpsons lawyers.
  16. Undecodable by virtue of application of 0 way hash function.
  17. Odourless, silent, invisible, tasteless, weightless, shapeless, lacking
      form and inert.
  18. Contain non-linear random S-boxes (without a backdoor).
  19. Self-escrowable to enable authorities to capture kiddie-porn people
      and baddies but not the goodies ("but we'll only decode it with a
      court order, honest").
  20. Not decryptable by exhaustive application of possible one time pads.
  
  Due to the severity of the restrictions, if the password is entered
  incorrectly 3 times at login time, you will be asked if you would like to
  pick a new one.
  
  Please add guidelines to the above and adjust the minimum conformation
  requirement, if applicable.
  


 Dear Friends:
 
 When I came into the office this morning, I noticed a sort of
 general feeling of unfriendliness and since several of you have
 openly called me a dirty son-of-a-bitch to my face, I know I must
 have done something wrong at our office party last Friday.  The
 Office Manager called me today from the hospital and so this is my
 last day here.  I would like to take this way of apologizing to all
 of you.  I would prefer speaking to each of you personally, but all
 of you seem to go deaf and dumb whenever I try to talk to you.
 
 First, to our dear and beloved boss, Mr. Simons, I am sorry for all
 the things I called you Friday afternoon.  I am very much aware
 your father is not a baboon, nor your mother a whore.  Your wife is
 a delightful woman and my story of you buying her for fifty cents
 in Tia Juana was a fragment of my imagination.  Your children are
 undoubtedly yours too.  About the water cooler incident, well, you
 will never know how badly I feel about it and I hope they didn't
 hurt your head when they were trying to get the glass jug off.
 
 To Miss Ashby, I express my deepest regrets.  In my own defense I
 must remind you that you seemed to enjoy our little escapade on the
 stairs as much as I did until the bannister broke and we fell eight
 feet to the second floor landing.  In spite of the rupture you
 incurred when I landed on top of you, I am sure you will admit that
 when we landed it was one of the biggest thrills you have ever had.
 
 Sam Franklin, you old cuss, you've just got to forgive me for that
 little prank I played on you.  If I had known you were goosey, I'd
 never have done it.  It could have been a lot worse if that fat
 lady had not been standing right under the window you jumped
 through; she broke your fall a lot.  People have been killed
 falling three stories.
 
 George, I can't tell you how sorry I am that I went all over the
 office, telling everyone that you cheated on a third grade exam.
 You know I was kidding...how could I know you did a thing like
 that?  But for Emory to say he was going to record this in your
 personnel file...well, don't you think that is going too far?
 
 Miss Jenkings, I sincerely apologize for saying that you were HIV
 positive.  I'm sure this rumor will cut way down on your extra-
 curricular activities, and all I can say it that it was the punch
 talking, not me.  Perhaps you can bring in a certificate from your
 doctor?
 
 Fred Owens, I know you are not a convicted felon, and that you
 didn't leave the party early because you had to report to your
 parole officer.  I was just joking when I said I was going to
 report you to the cops.
 
 
 
 Mr. Gray, I regret telling the firemen it was you who turned in the
 alarm, but of course, I had no way of knowing they would have such
 bad attitudes bout it.  Those fire hoses sure have a lot of
 pressure, don't they?
 
 Bill Thomas, I know how you must have felt about me.  Opening the
 door to the mop closet suddenly must have startled you and Miss
 Finch quite a bit, and when I think of how hard you bumped your
 chin on the sink when you bent over to pull up your pants, it makes
 me sick.  We'll have to get together for dinner some night after
 the dentist finishes your plate.
 
 Hermon, putting that tennis ball in the toilet was unforgivable.
 I wasn't thinking about how many people would be using the toilet
 after drinking all that punch, and the way that thing flooded all
 over the floor and out into the hall...well, you would think they
 would make the neck of those toilets a little bigger, wouldn't you?
 I notice this morning that most of the water has been mopped up, so
 I guess that little stunt really did ruin your week-end.  Sorry
 'bout that.
 
 Miss Brown, the only excuse I can offer for stealing all of your
 clothes and hiding them when I found you had passed out in the
 Ladies Room, was that I was drunk.  Also, I want you to know I was
 very embarrassed when I could not remember where I hid them and you
 had to go home in that sofa cover.  Running your falsies up the
 flagpole was a bit too much, I guess, but like I said, I was
 little drunk.
 
 To all the rest of you, I am sorry.  Setting Mrs. Botts' lace
 panties on fire seemed funny idea at the time, and it makes me sad
 to hear that her husband is divorcing her because of it.  Going wee
 wee in the punch was in awful taste, too, and not telling until you
 all drank it was even worse.
 
 Now that I have apologized to all and know I am forgiven, I have a
 big surprise for you.  Even though I don't work here anymore, I'm
 going to do my damndest to get back to the office picnic next
 Friday.
 
                               Regards,
 
 
                                Stan

        If Operating Systems Were Beers
        -------------------------------

        DOS Beer
        Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you
        to read the directions carefully before opening the can.
        Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a
        16-oz. can.  However, the cans are divided into 8 compartments
        of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately.  Soon
        to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to
        keep drinking it after it's no longer available.

        Mac Beer
        At first, came only in a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz.
        can.  Considered by many to be a "light" beer.  All the cans
        look identical.  When you take one from the fridge, it opens
        itself.  The ingredients list is not on the can.  If you call
        to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't
        need to know."  A notice on the side reminds you to drag your
        empties to the trashcan.

        Windows 3.1 Beer
        The world's most popular.  Comes in a 16-oz. can that looks a
        lot like a Mac Beer's can.  Requires that you already own a DOS
        Beer.  Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers
        simultaneously, but in reality, you can drink a few of them,
        very slowly, especially slowly if you are drinking the Windows
        Beer at the same time.  Sometimes, for apparently no reason,
        a can of Windows Beer will explode when you open it.

        OS/2 Beer
        Comes in a  32-oz. can.  Does allow you to drink several DOS
        Beers simultaneously.  Allows you to drink Windows 3.1 Beer
        simultaneously too, even if you shake them up.  You never
        really see anyone drinking OS/2 Beer, but the manufacturer
        (International Beer Manufacturing) claims that 9 million
        six-packs have been sold.

        Windows 95 Beer
        You can't buy it yet, but a lot of people have taste-tested
        it and claim it's wonderful.  The can looks a lot like Mac
        Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.1 Beer.  It comes
        in 32-oz. cans, but when you look inside, the cans only have
        16-oz. of beer in them.  Most people will probably keep drinking
        Windows 3.1 beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and
        say they like it.  The ingredients list, when you look at the
        small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS
        Beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely
        new brew.

        Windows NT Beer
        Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the truckload.
        This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger
        refrigerators.  The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but
        the comapny promises to change the can to look just like Windows
        95 Beer's - After Windows 95 Beer starts shipping.  Touted as an
        "industrial strength" beer, and suggested only for use in bars.

        Unix Beer
        Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even though
        they claim that all the diffeent brands taste almost identical.
        Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so
        you have to have your own can opener around for those occasions,
        in which case you either need a complete set of instructions, or
        a friend who has been drinking Unix Beer for several years.

        AmigaDOS Beer
        The comapny has gone out of business, but their recipe has been
        picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be
        an import.  This beer never really sold very well because the
        original manufacturer didn't understand marketing.  Like Unix
        Beer, AmigaDOS Beer fans are an extemely loyal and loud group. It
        originally came in a 16-oz. can, but now comes in 32-oz.
        cans too.  When this can was originally introduced, it appeared
        flashy and colorful, but the design hasn't changed much over the
        years, so it appears dated now.  Critics of this beer claim that
        it is only meant for watching TV anyway.

        VMS Beer
        Requires minimum user interaction, except for popping the top and
        sipping.  However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or
        contain extremely un-beer-like contents.  Best drunk in high
        pressure development you're told that is proprietary and referred
        to an unknown listing in the manuals published by the FDA.  Rumors
        are that this was once listed in the Physician's Desk Reference
        as a tranquilizer, but no one can claim to have actually seen it.


        The biggest problem is before you drink any one of them you have
        to buy a really expensive bag of chips to go with it.

(author unknown)

 
  Programming Languages are Like Women
 
  There are so many programming languages available that it can be
 very  difficult to get to know them all well enough to pick the
 right one for you.  On the other hand most men know what kind of
 woman appeals to them. So here  is a handy guide for many of the
 popular programming languages that describes  what kind of women
 they would be if programming languages were women.
 
  Assembler - A female track star who holds all the world speed
 records.  She  is hard and bumpy, and so is not that pleasant to
 embrace.  She can cook up  any meal, but needs a complete and
 detailed recipe.  She is not beautiful or  educated, and speaks in
 monosyllables like "MOV, JUMP, INC".  She has a  fierce and
 violent temper that make her the choice of last resort.
 
  FORTRAN - Your grey-haired grandmother.  People make fun of her
 just because  she is old, but if you take the time to listen, you
 can learn from her  experiences and her mistakes.  During her
 lifetime she has acquired many  useful skills in sewing and
 cooking (subroutine libraries) That no younger  women can match,
 so be thankful she is still around.  She has a notoriously  bad
 temper and when angered will start yelling and throwing dishes.
 It was  mostly her bad temper that made grandad search for another
 wife.
 
  COBOL - A plump secretary.  She talks far too much, and most of
 what she says  can be ignored.  She works hard and long hours, but
 can't handle really  complicated jobs.  She has a short and
 unpredictable temper, so no one really  likes working with her.
 She can cook meals for a huge family, but only knows  bland
 recipes.
 
  BASIC - The horny divorcee that lives next door.  Her specialty
 is seducing  young boys and it seems she is always readily
 available for them.  She  teaches them many amazing things, or at
 least they seem amazing because it is  their first experience.
 She is not that young herself, but because she was  their first
 lover the boys always remember her fondly.  Her cooking and
 sewing skills are mediocre, but largely irrelevant, it's the
 frolicking that  the boys like.  The opinion that adults have of
 Mrs.  BASIC is varied.  Shockingly, some fathers actually
 introduce their own sons to this immoral  woman!  But generally
 the more righteous adults try to correct the badly  influenced
 young men by introducing them to well behaved women like Miss
 Pascal.
 
  PL/I - A bordello madam.  She wears silk dresses, diamonds, furs
 and red high  heels.  At one time she seemed very attractive, but
 now she just seems  overweight and tacky.  Tastes change.
 
  C - A lady executive.  An avid jogger, very healthy, and not too
 talkative.  Is an good cook if you like spicy food.  Unless you
 double check everything  you say (through LINT) you can unleash
 her fierce temper.  Her daughter C++  is still quite young and
 prone to tantrums, but it seems that she will grow  up into a fine
 young woman of milder temper and more sophisticated character.
 
  ALGOL 60 - Your father's wartime sweetheart, petite, well
 proportioned, and  sweet tempered.  She disappeared mysteriously
 during the war, but your dad  still talks about her shapely form
 and their steamy romance.  He never  actually tasted much of her
 cooking.
 
  Pascal - A grammar school teacher, and Algol 60's younger sister.
 Like her  sister she is petite and attractive, but very bossy.
 She is a good cook but  only if the recipe requires no more than
 one pot (module).
 
  Modula II - A high-school teacher and Pascal's daughter.  Very
 much like her  mother, but she has learned to cook with more than
 one pot.
 
  ALGOL 68 - Algol 60's niece.  A high-society woman, well educated
 and terse.  Few men can fully understand her when she talks, and
 her former lovers still  discuss her mysterious personality.  She
 is very choosy about her romances  and won't take just any man as
 her lover.  She hasn't been seen lately, and  rumor has it that
 she died in a fall from an ivory tower.
 
  LISP - She is an aging beatnik, who lives in a rural commune with
 her hippie  cousins SMALLTALK and FORTH.  Many men (mostly college
 students) who have visited the farmhouse,-- enthusiastically
 praise the natural food, and perpetual love-ins that take place
 there.  Others criticize the long cooking times, and the abnormal
 sexual postures (prefix and postfix). Although these women seldom
 have full-time jobs, when they do work, their employers praise
 them for their imagination, but usually not for their efficiency.
 
 APL - A fancy caterer specializing in Greek food.  She can cook
 delicious meals for rows and rows of tables with dozens of people
 at each table.  She doesn't talk much, as that would just slow her
 work down.  Few people can understand her recipes, since they are
 in a foreign language, and are all recorded in mirror writing.
 
 LOGO - A grade-school art teacher.  She is just the kind of
 teacher that you wish you had when you were young.  She is shapely
 and patient, but not an interesting conversationalist.  She can
 cook up delicious kiddie snacks, but not full-course meals.
 
 LUCID & PROLOG - These clever teenagers show a new kind of cooking
 skill. They can cook-up fine meals without the use of recipes,
 working solely from a description of the desired meal (declarative
 cooking).  Many men are fascinated by this and have already
 proposed marriage.  Others complain that the girls work very
 slowly, and that often the description of the meal must be just as
 long as a recipe would be.  It is hard to predict what these girls
 will be like when they are fully mature.
 
 Ada - A WAC colonel built like an amazon.  She is always setting
 strict rules, but if you follow them, she keeps her temper.  She
 is quite talkative, always spouting army regulations, and using
 obscure military talk.  You gotta love her though, because the
 army says so.
 

Abbott's Admonitions:
  1)  If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
  2)  If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.

Abrams's Advice:
  When eating an elephant, take one bite at a time.

Rule of Accuracy:
  When working toward the solution of a problem,
  it always helps if you know the answer.

Corollary:
  Provided, of course, that you know there is a problem.

Acheson's Rule of the Bureaucracy:
  A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.

Acton's Law:
  Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.

Ade's Law:
  Anybody can win -- unless there happens to be a second entry.

Airplane Law:
  When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to
  is on time.

Albrecht's Law:
  Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.

Algren's Precepts:
  Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named
  Doc.  And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.

Allen's Law of Civilization:
  It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
  coming up it.

Bradley's Bromide:
  If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -
  that will do them in.

Civilization:
  Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations
  which we can do without thinking of them.

Agnes Allen's Law:
  Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.

Fred Allen's Law:
  I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.

Alley's Axiom:
  Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven.

Allison's Precept:
  The best simple-minded test of experience in a particular area is the
  ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences in
  that area.

Anderson's Law:
  I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you
  looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.

Andrew's Canoeing Postulate:
  No matter which direction you start, it's always against the wind
  coming back.

Andrew's Deduction:
  Attila the Hun came from a broken home.

Law of Annoyance:
  When working on a project, if you put away a tool that you're certain
  you're finished with, you will need it instantly.

Anthony's Law of Force:
  Don't force it, get a larger hammer.

Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
  Any tool, when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of
  the workshop.

Corollary:    On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
                your toes.

Approval Seeker's Law:
  Those whose approval you seek the most give you the least.

The Aquinas Axiom:
  What the gods get away with, the cows don't.

Army Axiom:
  Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.

Army Law:
  If it moves, salute it; if it doesn't move, pick it up; if you can't
  pick it up, paint it.

Astrology Law:
  It's always the wrong time of the month.

Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives:
  No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly wanted to keep.

Avery's Rule of Three:
  Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house
  the next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it is the
  start of a brand new series of three.

Babcock's Law:
  If it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you
  will break it.

Baer's Quartet:
  What's good politics is bad economics; what's bad politics is good
  economics; what's good economics is bad politics; what's bad
  economics is good politics.

Baker's Byroad:
  When you are over the hill, you pick up speed.

Baker's Law:
  Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.

Baldy's Law:
  Some of it plus the rest of it is all of it.

Barr's Comment on Domestic Tranquility:
  On a beautiful day like this it's hard to believe anyone can be unhappy
  -- but we'll work on it.

Barth's Distinction:
  There are two classes of people: those who divide people into
  two classes, and those who don't.

Bartz's Law of Hokey Horsepuckery:
  The more ridiculous a belief system, the higher the probability of its
  success.

Baruch's Rule for Determining Old Age:
  Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.

Forthoffer's Cynical Summary of Barzun's Laws:
  1)  That which has not yet been taught directly can never be taught
      directly.
  2)  If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.

Baxter's First Law:
  Government intervention in the free market always leads to a lower
  national standard of living.

Beardsley's Warning to Lawyers:
  Beware of and eschew pompous prolixity.

Beauregard's First Law:
  When you're up to your nose, keep your mouth shut.

Beauregard's Second Law:
  All people are cremated equal.

Thoughts on reality :
  The trouble with having both feet on the ground is
  that it brings one into unbearably close contact
  with the world.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Definition: Lawyers :
  Litigants are amateur self-justifiers; Lawyers
  are the professional justifiers of others.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Axiom on thinking :
  There is no good digestion without hydrochloric acid;
  and there is no good thinking without adrenaline.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"
  Beware of people who tell you that a little knowledge
  is a dangerous thing - unless they quickly add that
  no knowledge is a fatal thing. They are trying to make
  you more vulnerable, not more wise.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Thoughts on management :
  If everyone dislikes it, it must be looked into.
  If everyone likes it, it must be looked into.

e.e. cummings' theory of knowledge:
  all ignorance toboggans into know

Becker's Law:
  It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.

Belle's Constant:
  The ratio of time involved in work to time available for work is usually
  about 0.6.

Benchley's Distinction:
  There are two types of people:  those who divide people into two types,
  and those who don't.

Benchley's Law:
  Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn't the work he is
  supposed to be doing at that moment.

First Law of Bicycling:
  No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.

The Billings Phenomenon:
  The conclusions of most good operations research studies are obvious.

Billing's Law:
  Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.

Blaauw's Law:
  Established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology.

Blanchard's Newspaper Obituary Law:
  If you want your name spelled wrong, die.

Bok's Law:
  If you think education is expensive -- try ignorance.

Boling's Postulate:
  If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.

Bolton's Law of Ascending Budgets:
  Under current practices, both expenditures and revenues rise to meet
  each other, no matter which one may be in excess.

Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
  Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.

Boyle's Observation:
  A welfare state is one that assumes responsibility for the health,
  happiness, and general well-being of all its citizens except the taxpayers.

Boston's Irreversible Law of Clutter:
   In any household, junk accumulates to fill the space available for
   its storage.

Booker's Law:
  An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.

Bonafede's Revelation:
  The conventional wisdom is that power is an aphrodisiac.
  In truth, it's exhausting.

Boob's Law:
  You always find something the last place you look.

Boozer's Revision:
  A bird in the hand is dead.

Boren's Laws of the Bureaucracy:
  1)  When in doubt, mumble.
  2)  When in trouble, delegate.
  3)  When in charge, ponder.

Borstelmann's Rule:
  If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the
  wrong lane.

Boultbee's Criterion:
  If the converse of a statement is absurd, the original statement is an
  insult to the intelligence and should never have been said.

Branch's First Law of Crisis:
  The spirit of public service will rise, and the bureaucracy will multiply
  itself much faster, in time of grave national concern.

First Law of Bridge:
  It's always the partner's fault.

Brien's First Law:
  At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its
  ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.

Broder's Law:
  Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
  organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.

Brontosaurus Principle:
  Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them in
  relation to their environment and to their own physiology; when this
  occurs, they are an endangered species.

Brooks's Law:
  Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.

Brooke's Law:
  Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers
  something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond
  recognition.

(Sam) Brown's Law:
  Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.

(Tony) Brown's Law of Business Success:
  Our customer's paperwork is profit.  Our own paperwork is loss.

Bruce-Brigg's Law of Traffic:
  At any level of traffic, any delay is intolerable.

Buchwald's Law:
  As the economy gets better, everything else gets worse.

Bucy's Law:
  Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.

Bumper Sticker Axiom:
  VM systems programmers do it virtually all the time.

Bunuel's Law:
  Overdoing things is harmful in all cases, even when it comes to
  efficiency.

Burns's Balance:
  If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions aren't likely to be
  very good.

Butler's Law of Progress:
  All progress is based on a universal innate desire on the part of every
  organism to live beyond its income.

Bye's First Law of Model Railroading:
  Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is
  proportional to the number of viewers.

Bye's Second Law of Model Railroading:
  The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional to the
  decline of the prototype.

Cahn's Axiom (Allen's Axiom):
  When all else fails, read the instructions.

Calkin's Law of Menu Language:
  The number of adjectives and verbs that are added to the description of a
  menu item is in inverse proportion to the quality of the resulting dish.

John Cameron's Law:
  No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered, take it, because
  it'll never be quite the same again.

Camp's Law:
  A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.

Campbell's Law:
  Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.

Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
  It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
  A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.

Cannon's Cogent Comment:
  The leak in the roof is never in the same location as the drip.

Captain Risser's Law:
  If it's in stock, we have it!

Cavanaugh's Postulate:
  All kookies are not in a jar.

Law of Character and Appearance:
  People don't change; they only become more so.

Checkbook Balancer's Law:
  In matters of dispute, the bank's balance is always smaller than yours.

Cheop's Law:
  Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.

Chesterton's Observation:
  I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.

Chili Cook's Secret:
  If your next pot of chili tastes better, it probably is because of
  something left out, rather than added.

Chisholm's Second Law:
  When things are going well, something will go wrong.

Corollaries:
  1)  When things just can't get any worse, they will.
  2)  Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.

The First Discovery of Christmas Morning:
  Batteries not included.

The First Discovery of Christmas Afternoon:
  Give a kid a new toy - Dad will play with the toy, the kid
  will play with the box it came in.

Etorre's Observation:
  The other line moves faster.

Faber's Fourth Law:
  Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.

Feldstein's Law:
  Never, ever, play leapfrog with a unicorn.

The Golden Rule:
  Whoever has the gold makes the rules.

Rev. Mahaffey's Observation:
  There's no such thing as a small whiskey.

The Law of Probable Dispersal:
  Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed
  (also known as: The How Come It All Landed On Me Law).

Martha's Maxim:
  If God had meant for us to travel tourist class, He would
  have made us narrower.

Russell's Observation:
  Due to a lack of trained trumpeters, the end of the world
  has been postponed indefinitely.

Ellenberg's Theory:
  One good turn gets most of the blanket.

The Point of No Return Law:
  The light at the end of the tunnel could turn out to be the
  headlight of an oncoming train.

Moer's Truism:
  The trouble with most jobs is the resemblance to being in a sled dog team:
  No one gets a change of scenery, except the lead dog.

Firestone's Law of Forecasting:
  Chicken Little only has to be right once.

Gordon's First Law:
  If a project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well.

Grierson's Law of Minimal Self-Delusion:
  Every man nourishes within himself a secret plan
  for getting rich that will not work.

Gumperson's Law:
  The probability of anything happening is inversely proportional
  to its desirability.

Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
  Inside every large problem there is a small problem
  struggling to get out.

Horowitz's First Law of the Admirality:
  A collision at sea can ruin your entire day.

How's Law:
  Every man has a scheme that will not work.

Jiminez's Maxim:
  If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.

Jones' Motto:
  Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.

Mahr's Law of Restrained Involvement:
  Don't get any on you.

Maier's Law:
  If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be discarded.

The First Law of Management:
  Kickbacks must always exceed bribes.

Munroes Observation:
  Common sense is not that common.

Murphy's Law:
  If anything can go wrong, it will.

The New Math Version of Murphy's Law:
  If there is a 50/50 chance of something going wrong,
  nine times out of ten it will.

O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Law:
  Murphy was an optimist.

The First Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Nothing is as easy as it looks.

The Second Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Everything takes longer than you think.

The Third Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
  the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.

The Fourth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  If you perceive that there are four possible ways in
  which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these,
  then a fifth way will promptly develop.

The Fifth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.

The Sixth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Whenever you start out to do something,
  something else must be done first.

The Seventh Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Every solution breeds new problems.

The Eighth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  It is impossible to make anything foolproof because
  fools are so ingenious.

The Ninth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.

The Tenth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Mother nature is a bitch.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 11:
  If you fool around with a thing for very long,
  you will screw it up.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 12:
  Fixing a thing takes longer and costs more than you thought.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 13:
  No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation for detail.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 14:
  Complex problems have simple, easy-to-understand wrong answers.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 15:
  In order for something to become clean,
  something else must become dirty.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 16:
  An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful
  than a complex, incomprehensible truth.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 17:
  Anything based on greed and avarice is on a firm footing and will prevail.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 18:
  We have more to fear from the bumbling of the incompetent
  than from the machinations of the wicked.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 19:
  As the economy gets better, everything else gets worse.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 20:
  If several things that could have gone wrong have not gone wrong,
  it would have been ultimately beneficial for them to have gone wrong.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 21:
  The secret of success is sincerity.  Once
  you can fake that, you  have it made.

Ninety-ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
  The first 90% of the task takes 90% of the time.
  The last 10% of the task takes the other 90%.

Nonreciprocal Laws of Expectations:
  Negative expectations yield negative results.
  Positive expectations yield negative results.

Nowlan's Truism:
  An "acceptable level of unemployment" means that the
  government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.

Pastore's Truth:
  Most jobs are marginally better than daytime TV.

Turnaucka's Law:
  The attention span of a computer is only as long as it's
  electrical cord.

Laws of Programming:
  Definition:  A working  program is  one  that has  only
               unobserved bugs

Laws of Programming:
   #1  - Every non-trivial program has at least one bug
         Corollary 1:  A sufficient  condition for program
                       triviality is that it have no bugs.
         Corollary 2:  At least one bug will be observed
                       after the author leaves the
                       organization

Laws of Programming:
   #2  - Bugs will appear in  one part of a working program
         when another "unrelated" part is modified

Laws of Programming:
   #3   - The subtlest bugs cause the greatest damage and
          problems.
      Corollary  1: A subtle bug will modify storage
                 thereby masquerading as some other
                 problem

Laws of Programming:
   #4  - ("Lulled into  security Law") A "debugged" program
         that crashes will wipe out source files on storage
         devices when there is the least available backup

Laws of Programming:
   #5  - A hardware failure will cause system software to
         crash, and the customer engineer will blame the
         programmer

Laws of Programming:
   #6  - A system software crash will cause hardware to act
         strangely  and  the  programmers   will  blame  the
         customer engineer

Laws of Programming:
   #7  - The documented interfaces between standard
         software modules will have undocumented quirks

Laws of Programming:
   #8  - The probability of a hardware failure disappearing
         is inversely proportional to the distance between
         the computer and the customer engineer

Laws of Programming:
   #9  - Murphy designed all system software
    Note: For those  who may be in doubt,  Murphy's Law states
           that if anything can go  wrong, it will, and always
           at the most inconvenient time.

Laws of Programming:
   #10  - (Galvin's Law): Murphy was an optimist

Laws of Programming:
   #11  - Any given program, when running, is obsolete

Laws of Programming:
   #12  - If a program is useless, it will have to be documented
          If a program is useful it will have to be changed

Laws of Programming:
   #13  - Any program will expand to fill all available memory

Laws of Programming:
   #14  - The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its
          output

Laws of Programming:
   #15  - Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability
          of the programmer to maintain it

Laws of Programming:
   #16  - Make it possible for programmers to write in English and
          you will find out that programmers cannot write in English

Thoughts on Programming, Number 1:
   If a programmer is found to be indispensable, the best thing to
   do is to get rid of him as quickly as possible.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 2:
   Some years ago, when COBOL was the great white programming
   hope, one heard much talk of the possibility of executives
   being able to read programs ... nobody can seriously have
   this! ... even programmers do not read programs.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 3:
   There are ... programs that should be thrown away before ever
   being used.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 4:
   Asking for efficiency and adaptability in the same program is
   like asking for a beautiful and modest wife ... we'll probably
   have to settle for one or the other.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 5:
   If the programmer is working in a language that allows only
   three dimensions, we are not likely to observe more than three.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 6:
   Putting a bunch of people to work on the same problem doesn't
   make them a team.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 7:
   Each program has an appropriate level of care and
   sophistication dependent on the uses to which it will be put.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 8:
   To detect errors, the programmer must have a conniving mind,
   one that delights in uncovering flaws where beauty  and
   perfection were once thought to lie.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 9:
   For locating errors, however, we want a person who has the
   persistence of a mother-in-law and the collecting instincts of
   a pack rat.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 10:
   If the poor workman hates his tools, the good workman hates
   poor tools.  The work of the workingman is, in a sense, defined
   by his tools.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 11:
   'Programming' - like 'loving' - is a single word that
   encompasses an infinitude of activities.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Einstein's View of Questions
   The important thing is not to stop questioning.  Curiosity has
   its own reason for existing.
                   -Albert Einstein

Thoughts on Programming, Number 12:
   Programming shares with prayer the feature of directional
   transmission and broadcast reception.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 13:
   In some terminal systems ... the user can keep his
   program from being pushed down in the priority stack by
   fiddling with the shift key while he is thinking.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 14:
   The expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps
   on to the grand fallacy.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 15:
   The nature of programming being what it is, there is no
   relationship between the 'size' of the error and the problems
   it causes.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 16:
   When a programmer has a difficult time finding a bug, it is
   because he is looking in the wrong place.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 17:
   Documentation is the castor oil of programming ... the
   managers know it must be good because programmers hate it so
   much.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 18:
   The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten per cent of its
   capacity - the rest is overhead for the operating system.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 19:
   We stand at the brink of a new age, an age made possible by the
   revolution that is embodied in the computer. Standing on the
   brink, we could totter either way - to a golden age of liberty
   or a dark age of tyranny, either of which would surpass
   anything the world has ever known.  Perhaps no individual's
   efforts will make any difference in the result, but we must
   never cease trying, for then the result is sure to be tyranny.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 20:
   A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.
                   -Dutch proverb

Thoughts on Programming, Number 21:
   The programmed computer has all the fascination of the pinball
   machine or the jukebox mechanism, carried to the ultimate.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 22:
   The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from
   pure thought-stuff.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 23:
   Designing grand concepts is fun; finding nitty little bugs
   is just work.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 24:
   As soon as one freezes a design, it becomes obsolete in terms
   of its concepts.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 25:
   Good cooking takes time.  If you are made to wait, it is to
   serve you better, and to please you.
                   -Menu of Restaurant Antoine, New Orleans

Thoughts on Programming, Number 26:
   All programmers are optimists.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 27:
   This time it will surely run.
                   -Anonymous
   I just found the last bug.
                   -Unanimous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 28:
   A large programming effort ... consists of many tasks, some
   chained end-to-end.  The probability that each will go well
   becomes vanishingly small.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 29:
   Cost does indeed vary as the product of the number of men and
   the number of months. Progress does not. Hence the man-month
   as a unit for measuring the size of a job is a dangerous and
   deceptive myth.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 30:
   The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many
   women are assigned.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 31:
   When everything has been seen to work, all integrated, you have
   four more months work to do.
                   -Charles Portman
                   International Computers Limited

Thoughts on Programming, Number 32:
   Observe that for the programmer, as for the chef, the urgency
   of the patron may govern the scheduled completion of the task,
   but it cannot govern the actual completion.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 33:
   Brooks Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it
   later.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 34:
   The sheer number of minds to be coordinated affects the
   cost of the effort.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 35:
   Conceptual integrity is the most important consideration
   in system design.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 36:
   The purpose of a programming system is to make a computer easy to use.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 37:
   Neither function alone nor simplicity alone defines a good
   design.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 38:
   Add little to little and there will be a big pile.
                   -Ovid

Thoughts on Programming, Number 39:
   He'll sit here and he'll say, 'Do this! Do that!' And nothing
   will happen.
                   - Harry S  Truman

Thoughts on Programming, Number 40:
   Never go to sea with two chronometers; take one or three.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 41:
   I know it.  I know what needs to be done - but every time I try
   to tackle a technical problem some bloody fool wants me to make
   a decision about trucks - or telephones - or some damn thing.
                   -Robert Heinlein
                   The Man Who Sold the Moon

Thoughts on Programming, Number 42:
   The problem was that everybody who was working there, including
   myself, wanted to do really neat stuff but THEY didn't want
   neat stuff, they just wanted a lot of stuff fast.
                   -Rick Baker, make-up artist for King
                   Kong, Star Wars, et. al.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 43:
   The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to
   chance.
                   -Robert R. Coveyou
                   Oak Ridge National Laboratory

Thoughts on Programming, Number 44:
   It's redundant!  It's redundant!
                   -R. E. Dundant

Thoughts on Programming, Number 45:
   I don't know any reason why we couldn't do it, but maybe we can
   think of one.
                   -Mark C. Davison

Thoughts on Programming, Number 46:
   Bug?  That's not a bug, that's a feature.
                   -T. John Wendel

Thoughts on Programming, Number 47:
   The computer 'Doth make fools of us all'.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 48:
   Any fool without the ability to share a laugh on himself will
   be unable to tolerate programming for long.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 49:
   The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH'.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 50:
   When we finally see the light, we see how once again we have
   fallen into some foolish assumption, some oafish practice, or
   some witless blunder.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 51:
   The computer always has an excuse: the programmer never does.
                   -Mark C. Davison

Thoughts on Programming, Number 52:
   The user does not know what he wants until he sees what he gets.
                   -Ed Yourdon

Thoughts on Programming, Number 53:
   Completely compatible - things that work together with less
   than $1000 of interfaces and less than 100 man-hours of
   software patches.
                   -Datamazing, 4/1/78

Thoughts on Programming, Number 54:
   Stack manipulation - the use of inflatable falsies.
                   -Datamazing, 4/1/78

Thoughts on Programming, Number 55:
   Design of both hardware and software must be considered when
   doing the system design.
                   -Proceedings of the IEEE, 2/78, p.167

Thoughts on Programming, Number 56:
   The job cannot be done right unless the necessary tools are
   available.
                   -Proceedings of the IEEE, 2/78, p.174

Thoughts on Programming, Number 57:
        I hear and I forget.
        I see and I remember.
        I do and I understand.
                   -Confucius

Thoughts on Programming, Number 58:
   On a clear disk you can seek forever.
                   -Computerworld button

Thoughts on Programming, Number 59:
   I write all my critical routines in assembler, and my comedy
   routines in FORTRAN.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 60:
   It is impossible to make anything foolproof because  fools  are
   so ingenious.
                   -Edsel Murphy, dec.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 61:
   It seems intuitively clear that the existence of an error in a
   program will not be reflected in the  test  result  unless  the
   program component in error is executed during the test.
                   -J.C. Huang, Program Instrumentation

Q's Law:
     No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a North Sea
     oil project, the cost of the remainder of the project remains
     the same.

Radar's Fundamental Truth:
     The grass is brown on both sides of the fence.

Sander's Rumination:
     Life is a game, the object of which is to discover the
     object of the game.

Segal's Law:
     A man with one watch knows what time it is.  A man with
     two watches is never sure.

The Law of Selective Gravity:
     An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
     The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down
     is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.

Skinner's Constant (Flanagan's Finagling Factor):
     That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
     or subtracted from the answer you get, gives the answer you
     should have gotten.

Snafu Equation No. 6:
     Badness comes in waves.

The Unspeakable Law:
     As soon as you mention something ...
       - if it's good, it goes away.
       - if it's bad, it happens.

Watson's Injunction:
     THINK!

Wohl's Riddle:
    Q.     What is so rare as a day in June?
    A.     A day in February, which is 6.7% more rare;
     except in leap year when it is still 3.3% more rare.
                                            -- R. Wohl

The Law of Xerox:
     Anything important loses its value soon after being Xeroxed.

Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving Systems Dynamics:
     Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them
     is to use a larger can.

Cole's law:
     Thinly sliced cabbage.

Schwartz Says:
     Playing games leads to Mastery!

Rob's Retort
     The insult of an enemy is better then the flattery of a friend.

Jones' Law:
     The man who can smile when things go wrong...
     has thought of someone he can blame it on.

Weinberg's Law:
    If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
    then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.

RB's Five-thumb Postulate:
     Experience varies directly with the equipment ruined.

The James-Watt-oriented Observation:
     Beauty is only skin-deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.

The Illiterati Programus Canto 1:
     A program is a lot like a nose -
     Sometimes it runs and sometimes it blows.

Lafayette's Reprisal:
     The squeaky wheel gets replaced.

The Illiterati Programus Introduction:
      To get the job you really want, you must:
        1.  Make a business case against it.
        2.  Use irrefutable arguments against it.
      You will then be put in charge of it.

The Turing Test:
     A sort of LOVE BOAT for machines.
     If you survive a week of it, you pass.

Advanced Systems News Letter
     The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
                       --Anonymous

Fallibility:
     Fallible men design fallible computers.
     A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want
     it to do.

Rules of Pratt:
 #1  If a severe problem manifests itself, no solution is acceptable
     unless it is involved, expensive, and time consuming

Rules of Pratt:
 #2  Sufficient monies to do the job correctly the first time are not
     available, however, ample funds are much easier obtained for
     repeated revisions.

Grosch's Law:
 #1  Computing power increases as the square of the cost increases,
     if you want to do it twice as cheap you have to do it four times
     as fast.

Grosch's Law:
 #2  Twenty percent of the components account for eighty percent of
     the cost, and so forth.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #1  If a test installation function's perfectly, all subsequent systems
     will malfunction.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #2  Not until a program has been in production for at least six months
     will the most harmful error then be discovered.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #3  Job control cards that cannot be arranged in improper order will be

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #4  Interchangeable tapes won't

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #5  If the input editor has been  designed to reject all bad input,
     an ingenious idiot will discover a method to get bad data past it.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #6  Machines work, people should think.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #1  A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to complete
     than expected; a carefully planned project will take only twice
     as long.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #2  The effort required to correct the error increases geometrically
     with time.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #3  Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
     vividly manifests their lack of progress.

Hunts Law of Suspense:
     If any work has a suspense date on it, that work will be completed
     as close to the suspense date as possible regardless of how far in
     advance it was programmed.

Grace's Words:
     What ever happened to "manage machine, lead people"

Computers vs People:
     One good reason why computers can do more work than people
     is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.

The Programmer's Nemesis:
     Experts theorize that through evolution and inbreeding,
     programmers may become a distinct subspecies of the human race.

A Law for the Future:
     If it's not in a computer, it doesn't exist.

Hogan's Homily:
     We won't have personal computing until we can get them little
     and talking.

Wain's Conclusion:
     The only people making money these days are the ones who sell
     computer paper.

Computer Axiom:
 #1  When putting it into memory, remember where you put it.

Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
     There's always one more bug.

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #1  The best programmer has to be someone

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #2  The more humanlike a computer becomes the less time it spends
     computing and the more time it spends doing more humanlike work.

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #3  A software committee of one is limited by its own horizon and
     will only specify that far.

Extended Epstein-Heisenberg Principle:
   - In a program atmosphere, only two of the three existing
     measurements can be measured simultaneously. The measurements
     are program, time, and resource ($).
      - If one knows what the task is, and there is a time limit allowed
        for the completion of the task, then one cannot guess how much
        it will cost
      - If the time and resource ($) are clearly defined, then it is
        impossible to know what part of the program will be performed.
      - If you are given a clearly defined program goal and a definite
        amount of money which has been calculated to be necessary for
        the completion of the task, one cannot predict if and when the
        goal will be reached.
      - If one is lucky enough and can accurately define all three
        measurements, then what one deals with is not in the realm
        of programming.

Gallois's Revelation:
   If you put tomfoolery in a computer nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
   But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine,
   is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it.


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

Editors Note:THESE ARE A HUGE COLLECTION OF QUOTES PART 1


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
     If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
*
Van Roy's Law:
     An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
*
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
*
Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
        Superiority is recessive.
*
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too
busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
*
Ducharm's Axiom:
        If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
        yourself as part of the problem.
*
A Law of Computer Programming:
        Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you
        will find the programmers cannot write in English.
*
Turnaucka's Law:
        The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
        electrical cord.
*
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they
never have to stop and answer the phone.
*
Bradley's Bromide:
        If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a
        committee -- that will do them in.
*
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will
find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on
the computer.
*
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage.  But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow enobled and none dare criticize it.
*
Old programmers never die.  They just branch to a new address.
*
The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because
it isn't here.
                -- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)
*
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
                -- Groucho Marx
*
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
                -- Groucho Marx
*
Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
                -- Adlai Stevenson
*
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest
in students.
                -- John Ciardi
*
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided
by the number of people in the group.
*
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
                -- Jules de Gaultier
*
Ingrate: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of
indigestion.
*
Justice: A decision in your favor.
*
Kin: An affliction of the blood
*
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered
to date.
*
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the
world has ever seen.
*
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
*
Majority: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
*
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called
upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of
*
"The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start
with a large fortune."
*
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the
poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal
bread.
                -- Anatole France
*
BLISS is ignorance
*
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh
*
Predestination was doomed from the start.
*
Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and
it holds the universe together...
                -- Carl Zwanzig
*
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
*
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
*
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
*
Love is sentimental measles.
*
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find
there is nothing in it.
*
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
*
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do
was to go away.
*
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are
headed.
*
"All my friends and I are crazy.  That's the only thing that keeps us
sane."
*
"If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce"
                -- Winston Churchill
*
But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
                -- Hilaire Belloc
*
Hello Dr. Falken.
Would you like to play Global Thermo-nuclear War?
*
Real Programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves lucky to
get any programs at all and take what they get.
*
Real Programmers don't comment their code.  If it was hard to write, it should
be hard to understand.
*
Real Programmers don't write application programs; they program right down on
the bare metal.  Application programming is for feebs who can't do systems
programming.
*
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.  In fact, real programmers don't know how to
SPELL quiche.  They eat Twinkies, and Szechwan food.
*
Real Programmers don't write in COBOL.  COBOL is for wimpy applications
programmers.
*
Real Programmers' programs never work right the first time.  But if you throw
them on the machine they can be patched into working in "only a few" 30-hour
debugging sessions.
*
Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and
crystallography weenies.
*
Real Programmers never work 9 to 5.  If any real programmers are around a 9 AM,
it's because they were up all night.
*
Real Programmers don't write in BASIC.  Actually, no programmers write in BASIC
after the age of 12.
*
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I.  PL/I is for programmers who can't decide
whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
*
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to
changer clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their
climbing boots to work in case a  mountain should suddenly spring up in the
middle of the machine room.
*
Real Programmers don't document.  Documentation is for simps who can't read the
listings or the object deck.
*
Real Programmers don't write in PASCAL, or BLISS, or ADA, or any of those pinko
computer science languages.  Strong typing is for people with weak memories. 
*
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you learn to fake that you have
it made.
*
Never let your child play with a loaded carp.
*
The answer is 42.
-Deep Thought
*
I don't do booze,
it dulls the drugs.
*
LSD consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality.
*
I'm not as think as you stoned I am.
*
Computers are infalllible.
*
The three laws of thermodynamics:

The First Law:  You can't get anything without working for it.
The Second Law: The most you can accomplish by working is to break
                even.
The Third Law:  You can only break even at absolute zero.
*
Famous last words:
        1) "Don't worry, I can handle it."
        2) "You and what army?"
        3) "If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't be
            a cop."
*
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
        Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
        in kernel as it is in user!
*
Nothing is faster than the speed of light...

To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before
the light comes on.
*
Q: How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in
   San Francisco?
A: Both of them.
*
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
*
Insanity is hereditary.  You get it from your kids.
*
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.
*
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
*
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
                -- Mark Twain
*
"Now is the time for all good men to come to."
                -- Walt Kelly
*
Laetrile is the pits
*
Got Mole problems?
Call Avogardo 6.02 x 10^23
*
There's no future in time travel
*
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling
*
Time flies like an arrow
Fruit flies like a banana
*
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
*
Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.
*
"Really ??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!"
*
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
                -- Bruce Leverett
                   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"
*
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.  Check
three friends.  If they're ok, you're it.
*
USER n.: A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
*
Worst Month of the Year: February.  February has only 28 days in it,
which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three
full days you don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
*
Worst Vegetable of the Year: The brussels sprout.  This is also the
worst vegetable of next year.
*
Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing: January.  The lines are the
shortest, though.
*
There once was a girl named Irene
Who lived on distilled kerosene
        But she started absorbin'
        A new hydrocarbon
And since then has never benzene.
*
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus
handicapped.
                -- Elbert Hubbard
*
Computer programmers do it byte by byte
*
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but
World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
                -- Albert Einstein
*
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
                -- Eleanor Roosevelt
*
I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts
*
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
*
This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88
*
"I just need enough to tide me over until I need more."
                -- Bill Hoest
*
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A: Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
Californians trying to share the experience.
*
Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.
*
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle.
*
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
*
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
*
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
*
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
*
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.  I
hope I don't get run over again.
*
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
*
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive.
*
Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
their destitution of conscience.
*
Absentee: A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove
himself from the sphere of exaction.
*
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
*
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
*
"In short, _N is Richardian if, and only if, _N is not Richardian."
*
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and
forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
*
Absent: Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed;
slandered.
*
Brain, v.: [as in "to brain"] To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to
dispel a source of error in an opponent.
*
Truthful: Dumb and illiterate.
*
A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
        But this output can be
        No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
                -- Gigo
*
Corrupt: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
*
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.
*
Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
                -- Dorothy Parker
*
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
                -- Mark Twain
*
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
                -- Henry Kissinger
*
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
                --Oscar Wilde
*
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the
ends.
                -- Herbert Hoover
*
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and
that is not being talked about.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
                -- Lewis Carroll
*
It's not that I'm afraid to die.  I just don't want to be there when it
happens.
                -- Woody Allen.
*
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
                -- Joe Walsh
*
43rd Law of Computing:
        Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped
*
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
                -- Lazarus Long
*
FLASH!  Intelligence of mankind decreasing.  Details at ... uh, when
the little hand is on the ....
*
Only God can make random selections.
*
Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-
bogglingly big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the
road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.

                -- "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
*
Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
        They usually have virgins,
        And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.
*
Kinkler's First Law:
        Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
        All the easy problems have been solved.
*
"Why be a man when you can be a success?"
                -- Bertold Brecht
*
"Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence."
*
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?

None.  The Universe spines the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of
the way.
*
University: Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to
fix it, and ...
*
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll fix it in software."
*
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."
*
How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "The user can work it out."
*
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board
                -- Mark Twain
*
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and
miss
*
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
*
The Pig, if I am not mistaken,
Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
Let others think his heart is big,
I think it stupid of the Pig.
*
I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Perhaps, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
*
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic
*
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess
*
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday
*
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
*
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
*
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese
*
Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
*
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
*
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
                -- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.
*
Chicken Soup:  An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of
aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken
soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
                -- Arthur Naiman
*
One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
                -- Arthur Naiman
*
"I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!"
                -- Paul McCracken
*
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  And my advice to you is to
have nothing whatever to do with it.
                -- W. Somerset Maughm
*
Good-bye.  I am leaving because I am bored.
                -- George Saunders' dying words
*
Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him.
                -- John Barrymore's dying words
*
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
*
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct
one.
*
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
*
Everyting should be built top-down, except the first time.
*
Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was
written and another for which it wasn't.
*
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake
him up.
*
Optimization hinders evolution.
*
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.
*
Everyone can be taught to sculpt:  Michelangelo would have had to be
taught how _n_o_t to.  So it is with the great programmers.
*
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
*
Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.
*
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
*
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
*
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
*
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.  Now, if they'd only
take a bath...
*
"He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both
eyes..."
*
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the
flag.
*
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to
avoid responsibility with?
*
SHIFT TO THE LEFT!  SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
*
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the
average man can see better than he can think.
*
"If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows."
                -- Yiddish saying
*
Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
        (Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"
*
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz
said, "Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
     "Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
     "How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"
*
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on
people.
                -- W. C. Fields
*
There is something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesale
returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
                -- Mark Twain
*
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget
it.
*
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a
change.
*
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
*
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic
tickets.
*
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
*
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
*
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
*
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
*
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
*
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot
today.
*
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
*
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
*
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first
and last month in advance.
*
Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.
*
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
*
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
*
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
*
Don't feed the bats tonight.
*
Stay away from flying saucers today.
*
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
*
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
*
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
*
Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.
*
Half Moon tonight.  (At least its better than no Moon at all.)
*
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
*
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
*
Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
*
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
*
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so
get used to it.
*
Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
*
Travel important today;  Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
*
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
*
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior
executive.
*
Fine day to throw a party.  Throw him as far as you can.
*
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
*
Think of your family tonight.  Try to crawl home after the
computer crashes.
*
Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.
*
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to
a new town.
*
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens
tomorrow!
*
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
*
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough
to worry.
*
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
*
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your
nails.
*
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
*
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
*
Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as
they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out
a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
*
Happiness: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery
of another.
*
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is
they charge fifteen cents for them.
*
Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?
*
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
*
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
*
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
                -- Jerome Lettvin
*
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop
writing.
                -- R. Geis
*
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy to
criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
                -- D. J. Hicks
*
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
                -- Peter S. Beagle
*
If at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool.
*
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are
totally worthless.
*
Wasting time is an important part of living.
*
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders
has been discontinued.
*
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday
life.
*
Excellent day for drinking heavily.  Spike office water cooler.
*
Excellent time to become a missing person.
*
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
*
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
*
Spend extra time on hobby.  Get plenty of rolling papers.
*
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
*
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.
*
Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.
*
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
*
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
*
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
*
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
*
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
*
Avoid reality at all costs.
*
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
*
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
*
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
*
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
*
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
*
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
*
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
*
A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon.
Avoid him.  He's a Commie.
*
I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.
*
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
*
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
*
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
*
Vote anarchist
*
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
*
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
*
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.
*
Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.
*
UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
*
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools
will be temporarily canceled.
*
Drive defensively.  Buy a tank.
*
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting
for a dial tone.
*
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
*
Condense soup, not books!
*
The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!
*
Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Delaware, New Jersy. (Home of Barry Fletcher!)
*
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
*
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
*
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
*
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
*
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
*
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
*
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
*
Hire the morally handicapped.
*
I can resist anything but temptation.
*
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
*
Don't knock President Fillmore.  He kept us out of Vietnam.
*
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.
*
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
*
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of
        Western Civilization?
Gandhi: I think it would be a good idea.
*
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
*
Acid -- better living through chemistry.
*

    "All flesh is grass"
          -- Isaiah

            Smoke a friend today.
*
"You'll never be the man your mother was!"
*
George Orwell was an optimist.
*
Chicken Little was right.
*
"Qvid me anxivs svm?"
*
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
*
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
*
Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.
*
Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!
*
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
*
Hail to the sun god
He sure is a fun god
Ra!  Ra!  Ra!
*
Brain fried -- Core dumped
*
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
*
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at
once.
*
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger
hands.
*
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
*
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
*
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
*
A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano...
*
Q: How many IBM cpu's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A: 33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
*
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
                -- Salvor Hardin
*
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with our new
Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process..."
*
"There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
>from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor."
*
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
*
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
*
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down
*
Down with categorical imperative!
*
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends
*
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
*
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
*
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
*
Lysistrata had a good idea.
*
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
*
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale
*
Familiarity breeds attempt
*
Coronation: The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and
visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite
bomb.
*
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
*
Idiot: A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
*
Honorable: Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the
honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
*
Year: A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
*
God did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days
and then pulled an all-nighter.
*
God is a polythiest
*
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
*
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
*
        "And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
        "Diet."
*
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to
ourselves.
*
Death: to stop sinning suddenly.
*
"Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you
out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles."
*
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes
to work.
*
"That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all."
*
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
*
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not
certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
                -- Albert Einstein
*
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
                -- R. Geis
*
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
                -- Lewis Carroll
*
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
                -- Hawkwind
*
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
*
There was a young poet named Dan,
Whose poetry never would scan.
        When told this was so,
        He said, "Yes, I know.
It's because I try to put every possible syllable into that last line
that I can."
*
A limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical.
        But the good ones I've seen
        So seldom are clean,
And the clean ones so seldom are comical.
*
"We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company."
*
"Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from
Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth..."
*
"Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?"
                -- Lily Tomlin
*
God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's
*
"If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith."
                -- Albert Einstein
*
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied
harder.
                -- Pope John Paul I
*
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn
what it is I'll get married again.
                -- Clint Eastwood
*
Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
        The strip revolved,
        The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.
*
...And malt does more than Milton can
to justify God's ways to man
                -- A. E. Housman
*
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

        Oh, dear, where can the matter be
        When it's converted to energy?
        There is a slight loss of parity.
        Johnny's so long at the fair.
*
IBM had a PL/I,
        Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
        It was a total loss.
*
System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs!  See how it runs!
        Its monitor loses so totally!
        It runs all its programs in RPG!
        It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!
*
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
*
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
*
99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!...
*
THE GOLDEN RULE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
        The one who has the gold makes the rules.
*
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
*
A.A.A.A.A.: An organization for drunks who drive
*
Accident: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of
body is better.
                -- Foolish Dictionary
*
Accordion: A bagpipe with pleats.
*
Accuracy: The vice of being right
*
"Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from
coughing."
*
Adolescence: The stage between puberty and adultery.
*
Adult: One old enough to know better.
*
Advertisement: The most truthful part of a newspaper
                -- Thomas Jefferson
*
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad
example.
                -- La Rouchefoucauld
*
Afternoon: That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted
the morning.
*
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
                -- Peggy Joyce
*
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
                -- Charlie McCarthy
*
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism
to decadence without touching civilization.
                -- John O'Hara
*
Antonym: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
*
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your
shoes.
                -- Mickey Mouse
*
Ass: The masculine of "lass".
*
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
pedestrians.
*
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no
responsibility at the other.
*
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman
out of a divorce.
                -- Don Quinn
*
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Boy: A noise with dirt on it.
*
Broad-mindedness: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
*
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well
as afterward.
*
California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
                -- Fred Allen
*
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the
poor to protect them from each other.
*
Children are natural mimic who act like their parents despite every
effort to teach them good manners.
*
Christ: A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.
*
Cigarette: A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of
tobacco in between.
*
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
                -- Herbert Prochnow
*
"The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live
elsewhere."
*
Collaboration: A literary partnership based on the false assumption
that the other fellow can spell.
*
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Conversation: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his
breath is called the listener.
*
"Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of Plymouth
Corner, Vermont."
                -- Clarence Darrow
*
The cow is nothing but a machine with makes grass fit for us people to
eat.
                -- John McNulty
*
Cynic: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
*
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
                -- Senator Soaper
*
Die: To stop sinning suddenly.
                -- Elbert Hubbard
*
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
*
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a
fur coat.
*
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain
of being a damned fool.
                -- Bellamy Brooks
*
Electrocution: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
*
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a
mistake when you make it again.
                -- F. P. Jones
*
"It's Fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an
hour!"
                -- Macy's
*
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
*
Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic
without looking to see whether the seeds move.
*
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!

                -- Maxwell Smart
*
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
*
There was a young lady from Hyde
Who ate a green apple and died.
        While her lover lamented
        The apple fermented
And made cider inside her inside.
*
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
                -- Bert Whitney
*
Silverman's Law:
        If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
*
Hindsight is an exact science.
*
Ducharme's Precept:
        Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
*
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
*
Naeser's Law:
        You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it
        damnfoolproof.
*
The Third Law of Photography:
        If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
        when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
        the dark leaks out.
*
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis:
        If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented
        it wasn't worth doing.
*
Conway's Law:
        In any organization there will always be one person who knows
        what is going on.

        This person must be fired.
*
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
*
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then
give it back to them.
*
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be
doing.
*
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the
mail.  Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the
Boss is reading it.
*
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
>from where you left them to where you can't find them.
*
DeVries' Dilemma:
        If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want
        hits the paper.
*
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
*
Finagle's Creed:
        Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.
*
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation:
        1.  If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only
            once.
        2.  If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data
            points.
*
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
        Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
        reject the proposal.
*
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming
        Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
        handle.
*
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you
modify the problem, not the remedy.
*
Horngren's Observation:
        Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
*
First Rule of History:
        History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each
        other.
*
Hanlon's Razor:
        Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by
        stupidity.
*
Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
        The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
        instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.
Corollary:
        Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do
        except study for that instructor's course.
*
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
        If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
        If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you
        live.
*
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he
knows what it is.
*
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
*
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.  The label means the
price went up.  The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.
*
Re graphics:  A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to
describe the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
described with pictures.
*
There are two ways to write error-free programs.  Only the third one
works.
*
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free
variable."
*
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
*
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may
revitalize the corner saloon.
*
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but
nothing of interest is easy.
*
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of
nothing.
*
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice
versa.
*
In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.
*
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.  Only
we can't control when the five year period will begin.
*
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is
meant to be discarded:  That the whole point is to always see it as a
soap bubble?
*
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe
in God.
*
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only
say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
*
Dealing with failure is easy:  Work hard to improve.  Success is also
easy to handle:  You've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to
improve.
*
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
*
Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
*
Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?
*
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
*
Be different: conform.
*
Save energy: be apathetic.
*
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly."
*
"It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
                -- Dr. Who
*
"Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't
immune to bullets"
                -- The Brigader, from Dr. Who
*
The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
        Support your right to bare arms!
*
They also surf who only stand on waves.
*
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
                -- from the Brown Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet
*
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of Fortran.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
A Lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of
nothing.
                -- Alan Perlis


Editors Note: THIS IS A HUGE COLLECTION OF QUOTES PART 2


*
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to
program.  What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in
organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be
self-critical?
                -- Alan Perlis
*
"Please try to limit the amount of `this room doesn't have any
bazingas' until you are told that those rooms are `punched out.'  Once
punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing
bazingas, and such."
                -- N. Meyrowitz
*
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
*
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
                -- Aelius Donatus
*
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to
invent it.
*
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a
pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the
sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
                -- Voltaire
*
The superfluous is very necessary.
                -- Voltaire
*
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that
virginity could be a virtue.
                -- Voltaire
*
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
*
Oh don't the days seem lank and long
        When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
        With nothing whatever to grumble at!
*
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
                -- A. P. Herbert
*
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
                -- Trotsky
*
It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                -- Gore Vidal
*
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
*
The rain it raineth on the just
        And also on the unjust fella,
But chiefly on the just, because
        The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
*
The world's as ugly as sin,
And almost as delightful
                -- Frederick Locker-Lampson
*
        "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"
Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
                -- Jules Feiffer
*
Some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit
them on the head.
*
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
*
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
*
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
                -- Wernher von Braun
*
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
*
"Grub first, then ethics."
                -- Bertolt Brecht
*
"I drink to make other people interesting."
                -- George Jean Nathan
*
"Pascal is not a high-level language."
                -- Steven Feiner
*
E Pluribus Unix
*
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
*
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
*
Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
                -- Edgar A. Shoaff
*
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing
more important to do.
*
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
*
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own
importance.
*
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without
having to accomplish anything.
*
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
*
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
*
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.
*
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
*
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately,
no one we know belongs.
*
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
*
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
*
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
*
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
*
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing
to compare it with.
*
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
*
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit,
call it the target.
*
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
*
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
                -- Andrew Young
*
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
                -- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King
*
"If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars."
                -- J. Paul Getty
*
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
                -- Milton Friedman
*
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going
down.
*
There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis or a
vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
                -- Gloria Steinem
*
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
                -- Pogo
*
Nothing recedes like success.
                -- Walter Winchell
*
I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.
                -- Isaac Asimov
*
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
                -- Lily Tomlin
*
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind
the tree."
                -- Russell Long
*
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some
people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
                -- Joseph Heller
*
Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.  Tomorrow I'll probably still
be a dog. Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
                -- Snoopy
*
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car
payments.
                -- Earl Wilson
*
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
*
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular
error.
                -- John Kenneth Galbraith
*
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
                -- John Kenneth Galbraith
*
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
                -- Frank Lloyd Wright
*
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
                -- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS
*
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
                -- Eric Hoffer
*
You couldn't even prove the White House staff sane beyond a reasonable
doubt.
                -- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict
*
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
                -- Richard Nixon
*
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
*
                AMAZING BUT TRUE...
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
*
                AMAZING BUT TRUE...
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
*
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
                -- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
*
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
                -- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
*
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
*
SOFTWARE -- formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
*
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
*
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to
drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at
discotheques.
                -- Art Linkletter
*
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
                -- Frank Zappa
*
Justice is incidental to law and order.
                -- J. Edgar Hoover
*
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by
a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
*
Flon's Law:
        There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is
        the least bit difficult to write bad programs.
*
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
*
"The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity
that would be clearly understood."
                -- Alexander Haig
*
This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an actual life,
you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where
to go.
*
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
                -- Woody Allen
*
"Earth is a great funhouse without the fun."
                -- Jeff Berner
*
Cocaine -- the thinking man's Dristan.
*
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
*
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
*
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
                -- Voltaire
*
Q: How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat ?
A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.
*
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
*
SEMINARS:  From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.
*
POLITICIAN:  From the Greek 'poly' ("many") and the French 'tete'
("head" or "face," as in 'tete-a-tete': head to head or face to face).
Hence 'polytetien', a person of two or more faces.
                -- Martin Pitt
*
CALIFORNIA:  From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English
'calorie' or Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual
intercourse" or "fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land
of hot sex."
                -- Ed Moran, Covina, California
*
Armadillo: to provide weapons to a Spanish pickle
*
Micro Credo: Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
*
"Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong."
*
Bumper sticker:

"All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British
manufacture"
*
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"

"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat

                -- Lewis Carrol
*
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
*
Serocki's Stricture:
        Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
*
Virtue is its own punishment.
*
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
*
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
*
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always
respect their good judgement.
*
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices
that the system works.
*
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
*
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
*
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is
probably parked.
*
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy
it today you can do it again tomorrow.
*
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
*
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he
grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway.
*
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
*
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge
it.
*
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
*
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire
someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
*
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was.
*
Politics is like coaching a football team.  you have to be smart enough
to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.
*
Nobody wants constructive criticism.  It's all we can do to put up with
constructive praise.
*
History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.
*
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
*
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to
make it complex and wonderful.
*
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an
exam.
*
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you
just how busy they are.
*
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad its not a
fence.
*
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, when discarded will last forever...and a $7,000 car which
when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
*
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet
when well oiled.
*
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
*
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
*
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
*
Behold the warranty...the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh
away.
*
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid
back.
*
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
*
One thing the inventors can't seem to get the bugs out of is fresh
paint.
*
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
*
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
*
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
*
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
*
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls...if thou art in the bathtub,
it tolls for thee.
*
One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.
*
A real person has two reasons for doing anything...a good reason and
the real reason.
*
Show me a man who is a good loser and i'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.
*
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
*
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
*
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every
word you say, talk in your sleep.
*
X-rated movies are all alike...the only thing they leave to the
imagination is the plot.
*
People usually get what's coming to them...unless it's been mailed.
*
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune
tellers take economists seriously?
*
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else --
unless it is an enemy.
                -- A. Einstein
*
"Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle."
                -- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
*
"There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the
other is to read Pope."
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
"She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to."
                -- Gypsy Rose Lee
*
"The difference between a misfortune and a calamity?  If Gladstone fell
into the Thames, it would be a misfortune.  But if someone dragged him
out again, it would be a calamity."
                -- Benjamin Disraeli
*
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
                -- Winston Churchill
*
Actor:  "I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
        everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:  "Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
        it!"
*
"Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have
taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an
excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature."
                -- Samuel Johnson
*
"Why was I born with such contemporaries?"
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
"Wagner's music is better than it sounds."
                -- Mark Twain
*
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

"This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong."

                -- Wolfgang Pauli
*
Leibowitz's Rule:
        When hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you
        hold the hammer with both hands.
*
Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
        The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front
        of your eyes.
*
Langsam's Laws:
        1) Everything depends.
        2) Nothing is always.
        3) Everything is sometimes.
*
Law of Probable Dispersal:
        Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly
        distributed.
*
Meader's Law:
        Whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to
        everyone you know, only more so.
*
Fourth Law of Revision:
        It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
        interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one for
        you.
*
Sodd's Second Law:
        Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
        bound to occur.
*
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't
work.
*
Rule of Defactualization:
        Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
*
Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
        If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
        if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the
        question back at him.
*
Anthony's Law of Force:
        Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
*
Ray's Rule of Precision:
        Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.
*
Rule of Creative Research:
        1) Never draw what you can copy.
        2) Never copy what you can trace.
        3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
*
Barach's Rule:
        An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own
        physician.
*
Ink: A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote
intellectual crime.
*
Kleptomaniac: A rich thief.
*
Labor: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
*
Trivia pursuit -
    The culmination of man's
    never ending search for a
    lack of purpose.
              - B.C. -
*
Liar: A lawyer with a roving commission.
*
Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly
        as one man.

Minor Premise: One man can dig a post hole in sixty seconds;

Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a post hole in one second.
*
Mad: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence...
*
Misfortune: The kind of fortune that never misses.
*
Miss: A title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that
they are in the market.
*
Monday: In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.
*
Mythology: The body of a primitive people's beliefs concerning its
origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
>from the true accounts which it invents later.
*
...It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it
is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists
have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of
smell.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
November: The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
*
Once, adv.: Enough.
*
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by
the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior
in scope, for it balks at pig.
*
Positive: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
*
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
*
Frisbeetarianism: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the
on roof and gets stuck.
*
Hofstadter's Law:
        It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
        Hofstadter's Law into account.
*
"It is bad luck to be superstitious."
                -- Andrew W. Mathis
*
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
                -- Roy Santoro
*
Main's Law:
        For every action there is an equal and opposite government
        program.
*
"When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut."
*
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
        It's on the other side.
*
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
                -- Noelie Altito
*
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a
larger object.
*
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel
in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary
qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
                -- Marguerite Emmons
*
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
*
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
*
Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
        The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
        to.....to........uh..............
*
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots
*
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?
*
"If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin'
it, even if they don't know what it means."
                -- Walt Kelly
*
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
*
A penny saved is ridiculous.
*
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
*
"You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do."
*
If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.
*
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark
*
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
*
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
*
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
*
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
*
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
*
For a good time, call (415) 642-9483
*
AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!
*
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
*
To be is to do.
        -- I. Kant
To do is to be.
        -- A. Sartre
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
        -- F. Flintstone
*
God is Dead
        -- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead
        -- God
Nietzsche is God
        -- Dead
*
Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.
*
Acid absorbs 47 times its weight in excess Reality.
*
Reality is a cop-out for people who can't handle science fiction.
*
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so,
how many?
*
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
*
Ask Not for whom the Bell Tolls, and You will Pay only the
Station-to-Station rate.
*
Necessity is a mother.
*
Help!  I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
*
!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH
*
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
*
May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.
*
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts
*
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a
Thousand Caramels.
*
In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
        And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
        And men were really obnoxious...
*
Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  "Yes" is the answer.
*
If anything can go wrong, it will.
*
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
*
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their
Heads.
*
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
*
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
*
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit
Ears.
*
How doth the little crocodile
    Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
    On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
    How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
    With gently smiling jaws!
*
You're at the end of the road again.
*
If anything can go wrong, it will.
*
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.

However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by
judging things by their price.
*
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our symptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
*
I'll grant the random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
*
Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
*
A very intelligent turtle
Found programming UNIX a hurdle
        The system, you see,
        Ran as slow as did he,
And that's not saying much for the turtle.
*
This fortune intentionally not included.
*
flibber-ti-gibbet
One who is inclined to look up words like flibbertigibbert                                         -B.C.-
*
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.

                -- Stanislaw Lem
*
In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
                -- the Peter Principle
*
Pohl's law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate
it.
*
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that
you will look forward to the trip.
*
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
*
When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
*
HE: Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE: What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
                -- Walt Kelley
*
Look out!  Behind you!
*
Give me the Luxuries, and the Hell with the Necessities!
*
Desk:  A wastebasket with drawers.
*
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing
*
Dentist: A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth, pulls
coins out of one's pockets.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream...the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky...the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
*
If all be true that I do think,
There be Five Reasons why one should Drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.
*
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
*
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.
*
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
*
Every solution breeds new problems.
*
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so
ingenious.
*
O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law:
        "Murphy was an optimist."
*
Boling's postulate:
        If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.
*
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.
*
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.
*
Scott's first Law:
        No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
*
Finagle's first Law:
        If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
*
Finagle's second Law:
        No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
        someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c)
        believe it happened according to his own pet theory.
*
Finagle's fourth Law:
        Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only
        makes it worse.
*
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
*
Science is convinced there's no intelligent
life in our solar system.
                S. F. Chronicle
*
Issawi's Laws of Progress:

        The Course of Progress:
                Most things get steadily worse.

        The Path of Progress:
                A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
*
Simon's Law:
        Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
*
Ehrman's Commentary:
        1.  Things will get worse before they get better.
        2.  Who said things would get better?
*
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
*
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
        Negative expectations yield negative results.
        Positive expectations yield negative results.
*
Howe's Law:
        Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
*
Sturgeon's Law:
        90% of everything is crud.
*
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
        Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
        probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
        some useful work done.
*
Brook's Law:
        Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
*
Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
        Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
        vividly manifests their lack of progress.
*
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
        There's always one more bug.
*
Shaw's Principle:
        Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
        want to use it.
*
Law of the Perversity of Nature:
        You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the
        bread to butter.
*
Law of Selective Gravity:
        An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
        The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is
        directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
*
Paul's Law:
        You can't fall off the floor.
*
Johnson's First Law:
        When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the
        most inconvenient possible time.
*
Watson's Law:
        The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
        number and significance of any persons watching it.
*
Sattinger's Law:
        It works better if you plug it in.
*
Lowery's Law:
        If it jams -- force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing
        anyway.
*
Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
        Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
*
Cahn's Axiom:
        When all else fails, read the instructions.
*
Jenkinson's Law:
        It won't work.
*
Murphy's Law of Research:
        Enough research will tend to support your theory.
*
Williams and Holland's Law:
        If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by
        statistical methods.
*
Harvard Law:
        Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
        temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
        organism will do as it damn well pleases.
*
Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
        Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get
        out.
*
Brooke's Law:
        Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
        discovers something which either abolishes the system or
        expands it beyond recognition.
*
Meskimen's Law:
        There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
        do it over.
*
Heller's Law:
        The first myth of management is that it exists.

Johnson's Corollary:
        Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the
        organization.
*
Peter's Law of Substitution:
        Look after the molehills, and the mountains will look after
        themselves.
*
Parkinson's Fourth Law:
        The number of people in any working group tends to increase
        regardless of the amount of work to be done.
*
Parkinson's Fifth Law:
        If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good
        bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
*
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
        People are always available for work in the past tense.
*
Iron Law of Distribution:
        Them that has, gets.
*
H. L. Mencken's Law:
        Those who can -- do.
        Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
        Those who cannot teach -- administrate.
*
Jones' Law:
        The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone
        to blame it on.
*
Rule of Feline Frustration:
        When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
        content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
        bathroom.
*
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by
blowing first.
*
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been
removed.
*
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found
on the bench.
*
This universe never did make sense;  I suspect that it was built on
government contract.
*
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.
*
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
*
First Law of Bicycling:
        No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the
        wind.
*
Boob's Law:
        You always find something in the last place you look.
*
Osborn's Law:
        Variables won't; constants aren't.
*
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
        That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
        or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you
        should have gotten.
*
Miksch's Law:
        If a string has one end, then it has another end.
*
Law of Communications:
        The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
        between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
        area of misunderstanding.
*
Harris's Lament:
        All the good ones are taken.
*
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
                -- Harry S Truman
*
Putt's Law:
        Technology is dominated by two types of people:
            Those who understand what they do not manage.
            Those who manage what they do not understand.
*
First Law of Procrastination:
        Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility
        for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who
        imposed the deadline).
*
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
        Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
        there is nothing important to do.
*
Swipple's Rule of Order:
        He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
*
Wiker's Law:
        Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
*
Gray's Law of Programming:
        'n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
        time as 'n' trivial tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
        'n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as 'n' trivial tasks.
*
Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
        The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
        the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety
        percent.
*
Weinberg's First Law:
        Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
*
Weinberg's Second Law:
        If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
        then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy
        civilization.
*
Paul's Law:
        In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you
        save.
*
Malek's Law:
        Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
*
Weinberg's Principle:
        An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while
        sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
*
Barth's Distinction:
        There are two types of people:  those who divide people into
        two types, and those who don't.
*
Weiler's Law:
        Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
        himself.
*
First Law of Socio-Genetics:
        Celibacy is not hereditary.
*
Beifeld's Principle:
        The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
        receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when
        he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3)
        a better looking and richer male friend.
*
Hartley's Second Law:
        Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
*
Pardo's First Postulate:
        Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
        Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in
        rats.
*
Parker's Law:
        Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
*
Captain Penny's Law:
        You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of
        the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
*
Katz' Law:
        Man and nations will act rationally when all other
        possibilities have been exhausted.
*
Mr. Cole's Axiom:
        The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the
        population is growing.
*
Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy:
        Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have
        another drink.
*
The Kennedy Constant:
        Don't get mad -- get even.
*
Canada Bill Jone's Motto:
        It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Supplement:
        A .44 magnum beats four aces.
*
Jone's Motto:
        Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
*
The Fifth Rule:
        You have taken yourself too seriously.
*
Cole's Law:
        Thinly sliced cabbage.
*
Hartley's First Law:
        You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float
        on his back, you've got something.
*
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
        No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
        legislature is in session.
*
Churchill's Commentary on Man:
        Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the
        time he will pick himself up and continue on.
*
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
        A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
*
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
        Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd
        be out of a job.
*
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
        door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
*
"He is now rising from affluence to poverty."
                -- Mark Twain
*
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody
wants to read.
                -- Mark Twain
*
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a College Education.
                -- Mark Twain
*
But soft you, the fair Ophelia:
Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws,
But get thee to a nunnery -- go!
                -- Mark "The Bard" Twain
*
"Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is
because we are not the person involved"
                -- Mark Twain
*
"...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
                -- Mark Twain
*
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.  I said I
didn't know.
                -- Mark Twain
*
"...all the modern inconveniences..."
                -- Mark Twain
*
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
                -- Walt Kelly
*
"Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse."
                -- William Gilbert
*
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
        All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
        The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
        cork makes when it is popped.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
        The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
        Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
        is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
        can never hope to acquire it.
*
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
*
Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
*
The Preacher, the Politicain, the Teacher,
        Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
        Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.

                -- A. E. Housman
*
Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister

                -- Su Tung-p'o
*
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for
lists of "Ten Best".
                -- H. Allen Smith
*
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the
beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get
out, and such as are out wish to get in?
                -- Ralph Emerson
*
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue,
a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to
the contrary, nohow.
*
Emersons' Law of Contrariness:
        Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we
        can.  Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
*
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
*
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
*
The great masses of the people . . . will more easily fall victims to a
great lie than to a small one.
                                -Adolph Hitler
*
Pay no attention to what the critics say; there has never been set up a
statue in honor of a critic.
                                -Jean Sibelius
*
Every crowd has a silver lining.
                                -Phineas Taylor Barnum
*
A cynic is just a man who found out when he was about ten that there wasn't
any Santa Claus, and he's still upset.
                                -James Gould Cozzens
*
The devil was the first democrat.
                                -Lord Byron
*
I don't call them Democrats and Republicans.  There are only Liberals
and Americans.
                                -James Watt
*
Vegetarianism is harmless enough, although it is apt to fill a man with
wind and self-righteousness.
                                -Sir Robert Hutchison
*
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I speak the truth, and
they never believe me.
                                -Conte Camillo Benso di Cavour
*
Modern diplomats approach every problem with an open mouth.
                                -Arthur J. Goldberg
*
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
                                -George Jean Nathan
*
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their
experiments on journalists and politicians.
                                -Henrik Ibsen
*
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
*
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that
you would lie if you were in his place.
                                -Henry Louis Mencken
*
It is twice as hard to crush a half-truth as a whole lie.
*
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
                                -Sir Winston Churchill
*
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging
their prejudices.
                                -William James
*
Nothing you can't spell will ever work.
                                -Will Rogers
*
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
*
Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
*
Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
        1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
        2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
        3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
            first two laws.
*
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
        Experience is directly proportional to the amount of
        equipment ruined.
*
Boren's Laws:
        1)  When in charge, ponder.
        2)  When in trouble, delegate.
        3)  When in doubt, mumble.
*
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
        When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
*
Rudin's Law:
        If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
        do it every time.
*
Bucy's Law:
        Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
*
Hacker's Law:
        The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir
        a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
*
Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate how.
                -- Frederick Winsor
*
Vail's Second Axiom:
        The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
        amount of work already completed.
*
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off
*
"Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm
the only ashtray."
*
Santa Claus wears a Red Suit,
        He must be a communist.
And a beard and long hair,
        Must be a pacifist.

        What's in that pipe that he's smoking?

                -- Arlo Guthrie
*
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
                -- Howard Kandel
*
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
*
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of
people.
                -- Dolph Sharp
*
Hand: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly
thrust into somebody's pocket.
*
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
                -- Henrick Ibson
*
Wit: The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
by leaving it out.
*
Yield to Temptation...it may not pass your way again.
                -- Lazarus Long
*
I like work...
I can sit and watch it for ours.
*
Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.
*
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
                -- Major Major's father
*
Crime does not pay...as well as politics.
                -- A. E. Newman
*
Keep you Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now...try to get something DONE!
*
Magpie: A bird whose thievish disposition suggested to someone that it
might be taught to talk.
*
Democracy is also a form of worship.  It is the worship of Jackals by
Jackasses.
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Peace: In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
periods of fighting.
*
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Guiseppe?  Everything he
        says is wrong.
GUISEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
        will be right.
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who
haven't what they want that they don't want it.
                -- Ogden Nash
*
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
*
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
believe everything positively stinks.
                -- Lew Col
*
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your
face.
*
Recieving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
                -- Dolph Sharp
*
The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100
showed that all had these things in common:
        1)  They all had moderate appetites.
        2)  They all came from middle class homes
        3)  All but two of them were dead.
*
Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
                -- Ogden Nash
*
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny--
        Did you ever try buying then without money?

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Confucius say too much.
                -- Recent Chinese Proverb
*
Reporter: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with
a tempest of words.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Fats Loves Madelyn
*
Anyone who hates Dogs and Kids Can't be All Bad.
                -- W. C. Fields
*
"Hey!  Who took the cork off my lunch??!"
                -- W. C. Fields
*
A dozen, a gross, and a score,
Plus three times the square root of four,
        Divided by seven,
        Plus five time eleven,
Equals nine squared plus zero, no more.
*
Who's on first?
*
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on
society.
                -- Mark Twain
*
We really don't have any enemies.  It's just that some of our best
friends are trying to kill us.
*
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
                -- Art Hoppe
*
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
*
"This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling
keys..."
*
        COMMENT
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporanea;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
                -- Dorothy Parker
*
"He's just a politician trying to save both his faces..."
*
"Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing."
*
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known
as Wheels.
*
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
*
He who Laughs, Lasts.
*
Now and then, an innocent man is sent to the Legislature.
*
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the
pens will multiply instead of disappear.
*
"It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give up because by that time I was too famous."
*
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
*
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
*
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
                -- Mae West
*
Famous last words:
*
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
*
Absurdity: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own
opinion.
*
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying
himself a pleasure.
*
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Acquaintance: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not
well enough to lend to.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to
ourselves.
*
Adore: To venerate expectantly.
*
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot
separately plunder a third.
*
Alone: In bad company.
*
Ambidextrous: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a
left.
*
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
*
Anoint: To grease a king or other great functionary already
sufficiently slippery.
*
Bacchus: A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for
getting drunk.
*
Barometer: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather
we are having.
*
Birth: The first and direst of all disasters.
*
Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
*
Brain: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
*
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government,
intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption
>from the cares of office.
*
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
a man's head.
*
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Critic: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
to please him.
*
Dawn: The time when men of reason go to bed.
*
"The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers"
                            William Shakespeare
*
"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things
   they make it easier to do don't need to be done."
                            Andy Rooney
*
"I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy."
                            Scott Watson
*


 
 Item Subject: Rita Rudner's "Guy Guide" Rita Rudner's 50 facts about men.
 
   1. Men like to barbecue. Men will cook if danger is involved.
   2. Men who have pierced ears are better prepared for marriage. They've
      experienced pain and bought jewelry.
   3. If you buy your husband or boyfriend a video camera, for the first few
      weeks he has it, lock the door when you go to the bathroom. Most of my
      husband's early films end with a scream and a flush.
   4. Be careful of men who are bald and rich; the arrogance of "rich" usually
      cancels out the nice of "bald."
   5. Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where
      there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
   6. Men are very confident people. My husband is so confident that when he
      watches sports on television, he thinks that if he concentrates he can
      help his team. If the team is in trouble, he coaches the players from our
      living room, and if they're really in trouble, I have to get off the phone
      in case they call him.
   7. If it's attention you want, don't get involved with a man during play-off
      season.
   8. Men like phones with lots of buttons. It makes them feel important.
   9. Men love to be the first to read the newspaper in the morning. Not being
      the first is upsetting to their psyches.
  10.  All men look nerdy in black socks and sandals.
  11.  The way a man looks at himself in a mirror will tell you if he can ever
      care about anyone else.
  12.  Don't try to teach men how to do anything in public. They can learn in
      private; in public they have to know.
  13.  Men who are going bald often wear baseball caps.
  14.  All men are afraid of eyelash curlers. I sleep with one under my pillow,
      instead of a gun.
  15.  A good place to meet a man is at the dry cleaner. These men usually have
      jobs and bathe.
  16.  Men love watches with multiple functions. My husband has one that is a
      combination address book, telescope and piano.
  17.  All men hate to hear "We need to talk about our relationship." These
      seven words strike fear in the heart of even General Schwarzkopf.
  18.  Men are sensitive in strange ways. If a man has built a fire and the last
      log does not burn, he will take it personally.
  19.  Men are brave enough to go to war, but they are not brave enough to get a
      bikini wax.
  20.  All men think that they're nice guys. Some of them are not. Contact me
      for a list of names.
  21.  Men don't get cellulite. God might just be a man.
  22.  Men have an easier time buying bathing suits. Women have two types:
      depressing and more depressing. Men have two types: nerdy and not nerdy.
  23.  Men have higher body temperatures than women. If your heating goes out in
      winter, I recommend sleeping next to a man. Men are like portable heaters
      that snore.
  24.  Women take clothing much more seriously than men. I've never seen a man
      walk into a party and say "Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed; get me out of
      here. There's another man wearing a black tuxedo."
  25.  Most men hate to shop. That's why the men's department is usually on the
      first floor of a department store, two inches from the door.
  26.  If a man prepares dinner for you and the salad contains three or more
      types of lettuce, he is serious.
  27.  If you're dating a man who you think might be "Mr. Right," if he a) got
      older, b) got a new job, or c) visited a psychiatrist, you are in for a
      nasty surprise. The cocoon-to-butterfly theory only works on cocoons and
      butterflies.
  28.  Men own basketball teams. Every year cheerleaders' outfits get tighter
      and briefer, and players' shorts get baggier and longer.
  29.  No man is charming all of the time. Even Cary Grant is on record saying
      he wished he could be Cary Grant.
  30.  When four or more men get together, they talk about sports.
  31.  When four or more women get together, they talk about men.
  32.  Not one man in a beer commercial has a beer belly.
  33.  Men are less sentimental than women. No man has ever seen the movie THE
      WAY WE WERE twice, voluntarily.
  34.  Most women are introspective: "Am I in love? Am I emotionally and
      creatively fulfilled?" Most men are outrospective: "Did my team win? How's
      my car?"
  35.  If a man says, "I'll call you," and he doesn't, he didn't forget...he
      didn't lose your number...he didn't die. He just didn't want to call you.
  36.  Men hate to lose. I once beat my husband at tennis. I asked him, "Are we
      going to have sex again?" He said, "Yes, but not with each other."
  37.  Men who can eat anything they want and not gain weight should do it out
      of sight of women.
  38.  Getting rid of a man without hurting his masculinity is a problem. "Get
      out" and "I never want to see you again" might sound like a challenge. If
      you want to get rid of a man, I suggest saying, "I love you...I want to
      marry you...I want to have your children." Sometimes they leave skid
      marks.
  39.  Men accept compliments much better than women do. Example: "Mitch, you
      look great." Mitch: "Thanks." On the other side: "Ruth, you look great."
      Ruth: "I do? Must be the lighting."
  40.  Impulse buying is not macho. Men rarely call the Home Shopping Network.
  41.  Men who listen to classical music tend not to spit.
  42.  Only men who have worn a ski suit understand how complicated it is for a
      woman to go to the bathroom when she's wearing a jumpsuit.
  43.  Men don't feel the urge to get married as quickly as women do because
      their clothes all button and zip in the front. Women's dresses usually
      button and zip in the back. We need men emotionally and sexually, but we
      also need men to help us get dressed.
  44.  Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with superheros.
      Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie.
  45.  When a woman tries on clothing from her closet that feels tight, she will
      assume she has gained weight. When a man tries something from his closet
      that feels tight, he will assume the clothing has shrunk.
  46. Male menopause is a lot more fun than female menopause. With female
      menopause you gain weight and get hot flashes. Male menopause - you get to
      date young girls and drive motorcycles.
  47.  Men forget everything; women remember everything.
  48.  That's why men need instant replays in sports. They've already forgotten
      what happened.
  49.  Men would like monogamy better if it sounded less like monotony.
  50.  All men would still really like to own a train set.
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------


Some quotes from Usenet rec.arts.comics.

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"What number is this, Chip?"
"7 A!"
"OK, like don't get excited, man.  It's 'cause I'm short, I know."

"I found this seance to pass the most stringent tests
of credulity, with the minor exception of a phonograph,
which was found under Madame Reynaud's dress."

"It wouldn't be sporting to just run over them... Would it?"
"Yes... Yes, it would!"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists of our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps more
deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than any other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Any trouble, boy?"
"No, old man.  Thought I was having trouble with my adding.
'T's all right now."

"Exactly how obscene an amount of money were we talking about?
Profane?  Or really offensive?"

"No more rhymes now.  I mean it!"
"Anybody want a peanut?"

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Bally Jerry, pranged his kite right in the how's-your-father - hairy
blighter, dicky-birded, feathered back on his sammy, took a waspy,
flipped over on his Betty Harper's and caught his can in the Bertie."

"Can you give me a lift back?"
"Ah -- can do.  But won't."

"May I take your trident, sir?"

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

"Personally, I was shocked to discover our plastic surgeon was
an alcoholic."
"Yes, he raised quite a few eyebrows."

"Please excuse my wife.  She may appear to be rather nasty,
but underneath she has a heart of formica."

"If we increase the size of the penguin until it is the same height
as the man and then compare the relative brain size, we now find that
the penguin's brain is still smaller.  But, and this is the point,
it is larger than it _was_."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"The late Mr. Lupner was born without a spine."
"No wonder he has the posture of a boiled shrimp!"

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"700 hours of community service work?  Who has that kind of free time?"

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"Listen.  Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is
no basis for a system of government!  Supreme executive power derives
from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic
ceremony!"
"Be quiet!"
"You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause
some watery tart threw a sword at you!"
"Shut up!"
"I mean, if I went around saying I was an emperor, just because
some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"C'mon, Hobbes, if you lend me a buck I'll buy you a comic book."

"Nigel, what are you saying?"
"How do we know he's not Mel Torme?"

COWBOY WALLY BEER
"Real beer.  Manly beer.  Ripsnortin' pukearama.  Dammit."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"Lacquered frog bands are no longer popular with America's influential
trendsetters, Max.  We'd be hosed."

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

Arriving home, they learned that Glenn and Edna Catwomb had been
slain by maniacs.

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"And Dinsdale's there in the conversation pit with Doug, and Charles
Paisley, the baby crusher, and a couple of film producers, and a man
they called `Kierkegaard,' who just sat there biting the heads off
whippets."

"Please, don't make me treat you like dogs.  I don't want to
treat you like common dogs."

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to operate.  It's nothing to worry
about, although it is EXTREMELY dangerous."

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"Hey Dad, if I saved up my allowance, could I buy a monkey?"
"Of course not!"
"OK, then I won't save up."

"Like all reputable surgeons, I charge by the pound..."

"My cigarette smoke mixed with the smoke of my .38.  If business was
as good as my aim, I'd be on Easy Street.  Instead, I've got an office
on 49th Street and a nasty relationship with a string of collection
agents.
"Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's
lead, and the rest are bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack
a revolver.  I'm a private eye.
"Suddenly my door swung open, and in walked trouble.  Brunette, as usual."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'."

"It's Czechoslovakia, man!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

"It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Now it's time to say goodbye.  Please get off my property.  Until
next year!  I suggest you don't dawdle -- the hounds will be released
in 10 minutes."

"...And was head of Gestapo for 10 years.. No!  5 years!..
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"Van Gogh would've sold more than one painting if he'd put tigers in them."

"MY SENSORS INDICATE TRACE AMOUNTS OF CHOCOLATE IN THE PANTRY.
PLEASE LOAD SOME IN MY SCOOP FOR ANALYSIS."
"No, you'll spoil your appetite."

"MY MISSION MUST NOT FAIL.  PREPARE FOR ANNIHILATION, PITIFUL
EARTH FEMALE."

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"In your plan, `A Better Britain For Us', you claimed that
you would build eighty-eight thousand million billion houses
a year in the greater London area alone.  In fact, you built
only three in the last 15 years. Are you a bit disappointed with
this result?"
"No, no.  I'd like to answer this question, if I may, in two
ways.  Firstly, in my normal voice, and then in a kind of silly,
high-pitched whine."

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Logic is a tweeting bird, chirping in your ear.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers that smell _bad_."

"There's nothing an agnostic can't do if he really doesn't know
whether he believes in anything or not."

"I ran out of gas!  I got a flat tire!  I locked my keys in the car!
An old friend came in from out of town!  I lost my tux at the
cleaners!  Someone stole my car!  There was an earthquake!  A terrible
flood!  Locusts!  It wasn't my FAULT!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"The great scallop, this tatty, scrofulous old rapist, is
second in depravity only to the common clam.  This latter
is a right whore, a harlot, a trollop, a cynical bed-hopping
firm-breasted Rabelaisian bit of sea food that makes Fanny
Hill look like a dead pope."

"As your attorney, it is my duty to inform you that it is
not important that you understand what I'm doing or why
you're paying me so much money.  What's important is that
you continue to do so."
"I like overkill."

"When will I learn?  The answers to life's problems aren't at the
bottom of a bottle.  They're on TV!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"I have no intention of spending the rest of the evening,
let alone the rest of my life, with a compulsive, anal-retentive
chowderhead."

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

"Darling, would you like to propose another toast?"
"To a warmed, darkened, slightly crispy slice of bread."

"Padlock?"
"The IRS.  Picky picky picky."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
edited by the Princess Serutan

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.

So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

Venn ist das nurnstuck git und Slotermeyer?
Ja!  Beigerhund das oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!

"I am successful because I am the only person in my city
who is not heavily addicted to powerful narcotics."

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Okay, so there's these two guys, right?  Okay, so this one guy
says to the other... oh, right, they're in a bar.  Okay, so these
two guys, anyway, so...  So he says to the guy, who's black, he
says to him, no, wait, he's Chinese.  He says, `Hey have you seen
my mother-in-law?'  No, wife... It's his wife, right. So he says,
`Hey, have you seen my wife?'  And so the bartender says... no,
the Jew, Chinese, the Chinese guy, he HAW HAW!  HAW... snort.
Sorry, I just remembered something funny."

"How much for the little girl?  Your women -- how much for the women?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

...sung by the man who turned a personal affliction into a
singing career -- Don "No Soul" Wilson!

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Pork rinds! *Gasp* *Choke* Vienna sausages! *Uk...uk...uk*
Orange marshmallow peanuts (The Horror, The Horror)!"

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"And now, Little Bobby Pootwaddle will read last month's contest
winner."
"Last month's question --
    `In 1000 words or less, describe how
    Amy Sue Sturdfetzer looked much older than 12.'"

"If you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't
be a human being.  You'd be a game-show host."

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"What about these commandments then?"
"You again?  All right...  There shall be TWO commandments,
and this shall be the first of them:
    "Keep the noise down."
"Just that?  `Keep the noise down'?"
"You got it."
"Hmmm.  And the second of Your commandments, Lord?"
"Do what thou wilst," (sayeth the Lord), "just
go away and don't bother Me now.  For behold,
some of Us are trying to get some sleep around here."

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm afraid I'm not personally qualified to confuse cats."

"It's not me I'm worried about... It's your mother...
Pining away her twilight years..."
"It's a terrible thing when a mother spends her old age
in a pine tree."

"True, money _can't_ buy happiness, but it isn't
happiness I want.  It's money."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"I hate snakes!  I hate 'em!!"
"C'mon!  Show a little backbone, will ya?"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"I wish _I_ was a tiger."
"A common lament."

"Why is it that the truly brilliant are doomed to a life of obscurity,
surrounded by a sea of mediocrity, only to end up covered in sores in
a pool of their own filth?  Oh well, the beat goes on."

"_My_ side of the woods abounds in natural scenic splendor.  _Your_
side wallows in decay and filth.  My territory is infinitely superior
to yours."

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Nazis!  I hate those guys."

"All Lord Julius demands is total and complete obedience
and more money every time we pay him.  He's being quite
reasonable, really..."

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"`Lousy stinking radicals,' he opines, `figure the law is
there for you to hide behind...  Well, the law _isn't_ there
for you to hide behind, it's there for _us_ to hide behind...
the good and law-abiding people of this great city-state.'  His
fists are like twin sledgehammers dealing out pure and righteous
justice... `You're either with us or against us, vermin... That's
what freedom's all about.'  His roach-sense floods the room...
ping!  ping!  ping!  And detects the presence of a heavily unarmed
malcontent...`Taste boot, scum...'"

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"I will point out that a lady of refinement would not wish to be found
so high in a tree."
"Then I am a lady of refinement well and truly," said Madouc, "since I
did not wish to be found."

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"Thank God.  The police."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"Whether to kill yourself or not is one of the
most important decisions a teenager can make."

"There's another weird lizard farm coming up fast at eleven o'clock."

"I feel the warmth of its presence, Sam."

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Captain Kirk.  It's a pleasure to welcome you to Noldicia.
More fun than humans should be allowed to have."

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

"You got an alarm clock in there, sir?"
"No!  No, heavens, no, no..  Just vests."
"Sounded a bit like an alarm clock going off."
"Oh, it can't have been.  It must have been a vest..
uh.. go-.. going off."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"Why is that ridiculous toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu."

"That's so deep, I'm getting the bends.... If you want me, I'll
be in the decompression chamber."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"I feel lightheaded, Sam.  I think my brain
is out of air.  But it's kind of a neat feeling."

"Kilimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb, you know.  Most of it's
up, until you reach the very very top, and then it tends to slope
away rather sharply."

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"That gum you like is going to come back in style."

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

"It's psychosomatic.  You need a lobotomy.  I'll get a saw."

"How often does the train go by?"
"So often you don't even notice it."

"I tell you, Molly, I like the work so much, I'd do it even if
I didn't have to -- by court order, under threat of fine, imprisonment,
or both."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Well, there we're in kind of a gray area..."
"How gray?"
"Charcoal."

"I would advise youse to keep dialin', Oxmix."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"A boy without mischief is like a bowling bowl without a liquid center."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

Rule #10 of the Miss America Pageant:
    Liposuction is permitted, but not as part of the talent competition.

"Inconceivable!"
"You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Mr. Canal, stop this instant!  I must ask that you
refrain from knife-fighting in the White House!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Have you thought much about luggage, Mr. Banks?"
"No..."
"It's the central preoccupation of my life."

"This is not a lending library.  Put the magazine back or I'll blow
your heads off."

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"Did you see it, Reiger?  It was hideous!"

"I don't sing, I don't dance, and I don't like people who do."

"We're not laughing at you -- we're laughing near you."

"Don't fight it - It's bigger than both of us.  In your case
that verges on the incredible."

   Spock was waiting for them when they got to the conference
room.  "Captain, I've run the data we collected through the
computer."
   "Well, Spock, you must be a very proud young man.  So what's
the deal with these council weasels?"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"How was it, little buddy?"
"It was dark, like a cave, and there were no
toilets -- just black, smoking holes in the walls
and floor!  Giant roaches howled like damned souls
as they skittered along the mouldered grout-work!"

"VROOOM! VROOOM!  Out of the way, lady!  Run!
Run for safety, foolish pedestrians!"

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
-Lord Kelvin

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, seldom can it have been a greater pleasure
and privilege than it is for me now to announce that the next award
gave me the great pleasure and privilege of asking a man without
whose ceaseless energy and tireless skill the British Film
Industry would be today."

"Have you ever seen a spleen that large?"
"Whoa, no .. not since breakfast."

"If you don't care for your scalp, you'll get rabies!"

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"Wheat.  So what?"

"There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded mosquito."

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"We're not just going to let you walk out of here."
"Who's we, sucker?"
"Smith, and Wesson, and me."

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Where does he keep his water dish?"

"More pie, Admiral?"

"Dry hair's for squids."

"Really, now, Powers.  Had I intended for educated men to
read that nonsense, I would have used smaller type..."

"And when do you expect to get married?"
"Oh, right away, sport, right away, you know!  I 'aven't 'ad it
for weeks!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.
Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"I'm the head waiter.  This is a vegetarian restaurant only.
We serve no animal flesh of any kind.  We're not only proud
of that, we're ... smug about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"You must have had visions of sugarplums dancing in your head, little pal."
"Oh thank God!  I thought it was a twiching, lemon-sized brain tumor."

I saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's, and his
hair was _perfect_.

"Get a life!"

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Sweet Loretta Fat, she thought she was a cleaner, but she was a frying pan..."

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"Oh Mr. Belpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"It was a mutual parting of the ways.  We gave him the freedom to
do what he wanted to do."
"What was that?"
"Drink himself to death."

Two, four, six, eight,
Time to transubstantiate!

"Storage compartments?  Storage compartments?"
"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"
"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"Are you the police?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Stephanie, do you know what I do when I don't understand an emotion?
I suppress and deny it."

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

"?Que pasa, Senorita?  !I am el fugitivo!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"How do you do your squid?"
"Fine.  How do _you_ do, sir?"

"How many men you got 'ere, Colonel?"
"Oh, 7,000 infantry, 600 artillery, and 2 divisions of paratroops."
"Paratroops, Dino!"  "It'd be a shame of someone was to set fire to dem."
"Set fire to them?!"
"Fire's 'appen, Colonel."  "Fings's burn..."

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repay you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Where the hell's he get the atomic bomb?"

"Take my Worf, please."

"I don't patronize bunny rabbits!"

"Now hear this!  The father/son sack race will begin in 5 minutes
on the north lawn.  Participation is MANDATORY, repeat MANDATORY!"

"Look!  It's trying to think!"

"How does he do it, Smithers?"
"He's a love machine, sir."

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"We would like to apologize for the way in which politicians are
represented in this programme.  It was never our intention to imply
that politicians are weak-kneed, political time-servers who are more
concerned with their personal vendettas and private power struggles
than the problems of government, nor to suggest at any point that
they sacrifice their credibility by denying free debate on vital
matters in the mistaken impression that party unity comes before
the well-being of the people they supposedly represent, nor to imply
at any stage that they are squabbling little toadies without an ounce
of concern for the vital social problems of today.  Nor indeed do we
intend that viewers should consider tham as crabby ulcerous little
self-seeking vermin with furry legs and an excessive addiction to
alcohol and certain explicit sexual practices which some people might
find offensive.  We are sorry if this impression has come across."

"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?"
"Babs' uvula."
"Babs' uvula who?"
"I don't know, Babs, but I do know this.  Your uvula's on the fritz."
"Gee, doc, I must have stupidly glossed right over my uvula!"

"Mistakes were made."

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

  "Never mind what I said," the Lord spake.  "Doth thou
listen to every crazy idea that comes thy way?" And
Abraham grew ashamed.  "Er -- not really... no."
  "I jokingly suggest thou sacrifice Isaac and thou
immediately runs out to do it."
  And Abraham fell to his knees, "See, I never know
when you are kidding."
  And the Lord thundered, "No sense of humor.  I can't
believe it."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"May I take this opportunity of emphasizing that there is no
cannibalism in the British Navy.  Absolutely none, and when I
say none, I mean there is a certain amount, more than we are
prepared to admit."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

"Want some pretzels?"
"No thanks, we're on duty.  A couple beers would be nice, though."

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Shall we go down and give blood?"
"Oh, I don't want a great bat flapping round my neck."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

Hurl that spheroid down the field..

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?

What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

But for the lack of any untoward circumstances for this young
secretary to notice, and the total non-involvement of Mr. Mellish
in anything illegal, the full weight of the law would have
insured that Ralph Aldis Mellish would have ended up like all who
challenge the fundamental laws of our society: in an iron coffin
with spikes on the inside!

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"He was a thief, and a terrorist, but on the other hand he had
a tremendous singing voice."

"If you wanted to make Sarok the Preparer cry, well, mission accomplished."

"Remember, this is only an exhibition, this is NOT a competition -- please,
no wagering."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Gregor Wass, your presence intimidates me to the point of humiliation.
Would you care to strike me?"

"And stop referring to dinner as `the recent unpleasantness'."

"Baldrick, you wouldn't see a subtle plan if it painted itself purple
and danced naked on top of a harpsichord singing 'Subtle Plans Are
Here Again'."

"You think they spotted us?"
"Gimme a donut."

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"All right, you worthless _vermin_!  No more Mister Nice Pope!"

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"He doesn't know when he's beaten, this boy.  He doesn't know when
he's winning either.  He doesn't have any sort of sensory apparatus
known to man."

"Oh no.  Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom, has come from a planet
far beyond our solar system to devour us.  Gaze and tremble,
mortals.  None can escape the wrath of Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Many people in this country are becoming increasingly worried about
bullfighting.  They say it's not only cruel, vicious, and immoral, but
also blatantly unfair.  The bull is heavy, violent, abusive, and
aggressive, wth four legs and great sharp teeth, whereas the bullfighter
is only a small, greasy Spaniard."

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"I can't think of anything more relaxing than being locked
in a moving car with YOU for about 300 hours, little pal."

"That's really sweet, Sam.  I may weep openly."

"Ooh, neat!  Santa got caught in this beartrap I set!  Wow!  He
gnawed his own foot off to escape!"

"Help!  Help!  I'm being repressed!"

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"

"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Oh, great altar of passive entertainment, bestow upon
me thy discordant images at such speed as to render linear
thought impossible!"

"Strange things are afoot at the Circle-K."

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"I've got a lot of cutting and pasting to do, gentleman, so
please, why don't you return to your porch rockers and resume
whittling?"

"What better place to begin my reign of Communist terror and
oppression than a memorial to that decadent and imperialist
American, Melville Dewey, hated originator of the Dewey Decimal
System!!"

"I've grown to hate them."

"How many of us can honestly say that at one time or another he
hasn't felt sexually attracted to mice?"

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

School's out!
School's out!
Teacher let the monkeys out!
One was jailed!
One prevailed!
Both asked God: "How have I failed?"
--traditional grad school chant

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."

"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

"Captain, how soon can we land?"
"I can't tell."
"You can tell me; I'm a doctor."

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no fun
lying to them anymore."

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"Speaking as a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, as
first minister of Louis XIII, and as one of the architects
of the modern world already, would you say that Harold Larch
was a man of good character?"
"Listen, Harry is a very wonderful human being."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Ah, monsieur.  And how are we today?"
"Better."
"Better?"
"Better get a bucket.  I'm gonna throw up."

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Hey, Max -- Wake up!  You're missing all the fun!"
"What?"

"A seven-foot specter of evil appeared in front
of the car, so I ran over it.  Sounded like a bag
of laundry going under.  Hope I didn't hurt the
tires.  Want a fig newton?"

"I feel like I know her, but sometimes my arms bend back."


"They that would give up essential liberty for a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety." - Benjamin Franklin

"Instances of the licentious and outrageous behavior of the military
conservators still multiply upon us, some of which are of such nature, and
have been carried to so great lengths, as must serve fully to evince that a
late vote of this town, calling upon its inhabitants to provide themselves
with arms for their defence, was a measure as it was legal natural right
which the people have reserved to themselves, confirmed by the Bill of
Rights, (the post-Cromwellian English bill of rights) to keep arms for their
own defence; and as Mr. Blackstone observes, it is to be made use of when the
sanctions of society and law are found insufficient to restrain the violence
of oppression." - 'A Journal of the Times' (1768-1769) colonial Boston
newspaper article

"They tell us, Sir, that we are weak -- unable to cope with so formidable an
adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week, or the
next year? Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a British guard
shall be stationed in every house?  Shall we gather strength by irresolution
and inaction? Shall we acquire the means of effectual resistance by lying
supinely on our backs, and hugging the delusive phantom of hope, until our
enemies shall have bound us hand and foot? Sir, we are not weak, if we make a
proper use of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power."
- Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The War Inevitable" speech, March,
1775

"Three millions of People, armed in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a
country as that which we possess, are invincible by any force which our enemy
can send against us. Beside, Sir, we shall not fight our battles alone. There
is a just God who presides over the destinies of Nations, and who will raise
up friends to fight our battles for us." - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his
famous "The War Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the
active, the brave.  Besides, Sir, we have no election. If we were base enough
to desire it, it is now too late to retire from the contest. There is no
retreat but in submission and slavery! Our chains are forged! Their clanking
may be heard on the plains of Boston! The war is inevitable; and let it come!
I repeat, Sir, let it come!" - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The
War Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

It is in vain, Sir, to extenuate the matter.  Gentlemen may cry, Peace,
Peace!  -- but there is no peace. The war is actually begun!  The next gale
that sweeps from the North will bring to our ears the clash of resounding
arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is
it that Gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so
sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?  Forbid it,
Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me
liberty or give me death!" - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The War
Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

"The supposed quietude of a good man allures the ruffian; while on the other
hand, arms like laws discourage and keep the invader and the plunderer in
awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property.  The balance of
power is the scale of peace. The same balance would be preserved were all the
world destitute of arms, for all would be alike; but since some others them
aside...  Horrid mischief would ensue were one half the world deprived of the
use of them; ... the weak will become the prey to the strong." - Thomas
Paine, I Writings of Thomas Paine at 56 (1775).

"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty.  Suspect every one who
approaches that jewel.  Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright
force.  When you give up that force, you are ruined." - Patrick Henry,
speaking to the Virginia convention for the ratification of the constitution
on the necessity of the right to keep and bear arms.

"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we
cannot be trusted with arms for our defense?  Where is the difference between
having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under
the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those
arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety
to us, as in our own hands?" - Patrick Henry, Philadelphia, 1836.

Sentry:  "Halt, who goes there?"
Voice :  "American."
Sentry:  "Advance and recite the second verse of the Star Spangled Banner."
Voice :  "I don't know it."
Sentry:  "Proceed, American."

There are only three kinds of people: those who make things happen, those who
watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.

It is often easier to apologize for your actions than to ask permission to do
those actions.

Ships are very safe when in port.  Unfortunately a ship's mission has nothing
to do with staying in port!

"War to the hilt between capitalism and communism is inevitable.  Today, of
course, we are not strong enough to attack.  Our time will come in 20 or 30
years.  In order to win, we shall need the element of surprise.  The
bourgeoisie will have to be put to sleep, so we shall begin by launching the
most spectacular peace movement on record.  There will be electrifying
overtures and unheard of concessions.  The capitalist countries, stupid and
decadent, will rejoice to cooperate in their own destruction.  They will leap
at another chance to be friends.  As soon as their guard is down, we shall
smash them with our clenched fist."-Quoted by Dmitri Z.  Manuisky, Lenin
School of Political Warfare (1931).

"Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except
when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be
generous with other people's freedom and security." William F. Buckley

"He that violates his oath profanes the Divinity of faith itself." - Cicero
(found on LA City Hall)

"Disperse you Rebels - Damn you, throw down your Arms and disperse." -- Maj.
John Pitcairn, Lexington, MA, April 19, 1775

"Those, who have the command of the arms in a country are masters of the
state, and have it in their power to make what revolutions they please.
[Thus,] there is no end to observations on the difference between the
measures likely to be pursued by a minister backed by a standing army, and
those of a court awed by the fear of an armed people." -- Aristotle. Quoted
by John Trenchard and Walter Moyle "An Argument Shewing, That a Standing Army
Is Inconsistent with a Free Government, and Absolutely Destructive to the
Constitution of the English Monarchy" [London, 1697]

The English nobleman came home early to find his wife with her lover.
Angrily he reached for his shotgun and aimed at the interloper.  Just then,
his butler whispered in his ear, "You're a sportsman, sir;  get him on the
rise."

Too often foreign aid is when the poor people of a rich nation send their
money to the rich people of a poor nation.

"Men that are above all Fear, soon grow above all Shame." -- John Trenchard
and Thomas Gordon "Cato's Letters: Or, Essays on Liberty, Civil and
Religious, and Other Important Subjects" [London, 1755]

[The American Colonies are] "all democratic governments, where the power is
in the hands of the people and where there is not the least difficulty or
jealousy about putting arms into the hands of every man in the country.
[European countries should not] be ignorant of the strength and the force of
such a form of government and how strenuously and almost wonderfully people
living under one have sometimes exerted themselves in defence of their rights
and liberties and how fatally it has ended with many a man and many a state
who have entered into quarrels, wars and contests with them." -- George Mason
from "Remarks on Annual Elections for the Fairfax Independent Company" quoted
from The Papers of George Mason, 1725-1792 edited by Robert A. Rutland
[Chapel Hill, 1972

"... The answer is that one would like to be both the one and the other; but
because it is difficult to combine them, it is far better to be feared than
loved if you cannot be both. ...Men worry less about doing an injury to one
who makes himself loved than to one who makes himself feared.  The bond of
love is one which men, wretched creatures that they are, break when it is to
their advantage to do so; but fear is strengthened by a dread of punishment
which is always effective." -- Machivelli - The Prince; Chapter 17

In the arguments over the validity of the Theory of Quantum Mechanics, Dr.
Albert Einstein uttered his now oft-quoted line, "God does not play dice with
the Universe" but rarely quoted is Dr. Neils Bohr's response, "Albert, stop
telling God what to do."

"The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each
citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his
share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure." -- Albert
Einstein

"Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never -- in nothing,
great or small, large or petty -- never give in except to convictions of
honor and good sense." -- Winston Spencer Churchill Address at Harrow School,
October 29, 1941

"Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long
and hard the road may be; for without victory there is no survival." --
Winston Spencer Churchill

"...the rank and file are usually much more primitive than we imagine.
Propaganda must therefore always be essentially simple and repetitious." --
Joseph Goebbels - Nazi Propaganda Minister

"The most brilliant propagandist technique will yield no success unless one
fundamental principle is borne in mind constantly...it must confine itself to
a few points and repeat them over and over." - Joseph Goebbels - Nazi
Propaganda Minister

God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard
and defend it." -- Daniel Webster

"All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing." --
Edmund Burke

"Democracy, the practice of self-government, is a covenant among free men to
respect the rights and liberties of their fellows" - Franklin D.  Roosevelt

"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo
the fatigue of supporting it." - Thomas Paine

"Those who have long enjoyed such privileges as we enjoy forget in time that
men have died to win them." - Franklin D. Roosevelt

"You have sat too long here for any good you have been doing.  depart, i say,
and let us have done with you. In the name of God, go!" - Oliver Cromwell in
dissolving Parliament, 1653

"If the laws of the Union were oppressive, they could not carry them into
effect, if the people were possessed of the proper means of defence." -
William Lenoir

"A cardinal rule of bureaucracy is that it is better to extend an error than
to admit a mistake." - Colin Greenwood

"We, the People are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts -
not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow men who pervert the
Constitution." - A. Lincoln

"If cowardly and dishonorable men sometimes shoot unarmed men with army
pistols or guns, the evil must be prevented by the penitentiary and gallows,
and not by a general deprivation of a constitutional privilege." - Ark.
Supreme Court, 1878

"The right of citizens to bear arms is just one guarantee against arbitrary
government, one more safeguard against the tyranny which now appears remote
in America, but which historically has proved to be always possible." -
Senator Hubert Humphrey

"There is only one tactical principal which is not subject to change.  It is
to use the means at hand to inflict the maximum amount of wounds, death, and
destruction in the minimum amount of time." - General George S. Patton

"The object of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other
bastard die for his." --- General George S. Patton

"We always hire Democratic Congressmen who promise to give us from the
government all the things we want. And we always hire Republican Presidents
to make sure we don't have to pay for it." - T.J. Rodgers quoting in REASON

"The difference between death and taxes is death doesn't get worse every time
Congress meets." -- Will Rogers

"They have rights who dare maintain them." -- James Russell Lowell

We, free citizens of the Great Republic, feel an honest pride in her
greatness, her strength, her just and gentle government, her wide liberties,
her honored name, her stainless history, her unbesmirched flag, her hands
clean from oppression of the weak and from malicious conquest, her hospitable
door that stands open to the hunted and the persecuted of all nations; we are
proud of the judicious respect in which she is held by monarchies which hem
her in on every side, and proudest of all of that loft patriotism which we
inherited from our fathers, which we have kept pure, and which won our
liberties in the beginning and has preserved them unto this day. While
patriotism endures the Republic is safe, her greatness is secure, and against
them the powers of the earth can not prevail." -- Mark Twain

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you are a conqueror.
Kill everyone and you are a God. -- Jean Rostand

"...The right of the people peacefully to assemble for lawful purposes
existed long before the adoption of the Constitution of the United States.
In fact, it is and always has been one of the attributes of a free
government.  It `derives its source,' to use the language of Chief Justice
Marshall, in Gibbons v Ogden, 9 Wheat., 211, `from those laws whose authority
is acknowledged by civilized man throughout the world.'  It is found wherever
civilization exists.  It was not, therefore, a right granted to the people by
the Constitution... The second and tenth counts are equally defective.  The
right there specified is that of `bearing arms for a lawful purpose.'  This
is not a right granted by the constitution.  Neither is it in any manner
dependant upon that instrument for its existance.  The Second Amendment
declares that it shall not infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no
more than it shall not be infringed by Congress.  This is one of the
amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the
National Government..." UNITED STATES v. CRUIKSHANK; 92 US 542; (1875)

The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun. --- R. Buckminster Fuller

"If there is one basic element in our Constitution, it is civilian control of
the military." --- President Harry S. Truman (1884-1972)

A camel is a horse designed by a committee and an elephant is a mouse
built to military specifications." -- from page 321 of "Cryptanalysis for
Microcomputers" by Caxton C. Foster (University of Massachusetts), Hayden
Book Co. Inc., 1982.

Time flies when you're in a coma.
Crying: strengthens immune system by cleansing impurities
In ENGLISH, Data?! --Captain Beverly Picard
"Soon we'll be sliding down the razor blade of life..." o/` o/`
A book (returned) in time saves time.
I don't see you guys rating the kind of "mate" I'm contemplating...
Better attitudes through chemistry.
Marriage is a trip between Niagra Falls and Reno.
"Nobody listens unless you swear every other word." -- Kirk
Notice: All incoming fire has the right of way.
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
I'm floating in a most peculiar way.
Never trust a computer you cannot carry.
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out
SDR: Shift Disk Right
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
Bearjoran takes over DS9 in Pooh D'Etat!
Women: Can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em, pass the beer nuts.
Expensive imported beer is good for the sole.
Love of Money: The root of all EVIL...
Remember when 'lots of ram' meant 32k?
Hiya, Doc! What's cookin'? - Data
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Tasha Burger: It'll come up again later after it's gone.
113 grams, 10 milliliters ... he's lead, Jim.
Oxymoron: Conservative Scholar
Man Vs. Beer: A beer will only come when you want it to.
Gardeners are prone to sod-den decisions!
"I am Homer of the Borg. You will be assim.... Hmm... Donuts..."
Windoze isn't crippleware - It's "Fuctionally Challenged"
OPERATORS really know how to mount it
Don't blame me, it's San Andrea's fault
Frogs are smart.  They ea           Refer#: NONE
Hollywood Gossip: Phyllis Zinn
A liberal is nothing but a communist on Prozac!
96.37% of all statistics are made up
Why don't sharks bite lawyers?  Professional courtesy.
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
I can't be humble -- it's just not honest.
i don't beLIEve slick wilLIE!
"Bloody hell!" -- O'Brien
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
SPELLCASTERS do it with their rods/staves/wands
ARC.angel says "zip.itup"
Look, mom: No disk drive!
Cats have 9 lives.  Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
A pessimist is a well informed optimist.
Assimilation is futile.  You will be resisted.
We're testing as QWK as we can
"What is this...  time?"  Wormhole creators
What is the highest pyramid in the world?  Amway.
SWAT: SWAp Terminals
Experience is what you get after you need it
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
<Ctrl<<Alt<<Del< to read the next message
My favorite color?  Red.  No, BluAAAAAHHH!
James S. Brady, Press Secretary to President Reagan was an Eagle Scout.
You are aging when all your black book names end in M.D.
Klingon vessel uncloaking....or is it Odo?
TROI: I feel pain, GREAT pain! ... RIKER: Glad you liked it!
Thank you, God.  Keep it up!!!
Disks travel in packs.
Cut the Grass!: Moses Lawn
It wasn't broken..until I started playing with it!
I TAUGHT MY DUCK TO SAY ".QWK .QWK"
These were great.  I just tried to search TLX's database and got a major
Confuse the world -- smile all day Monday!
You mean there are BBS's that AREN'T run by drunks?
No brain, no effect!
Don't eat with you mouth full.
Reality is all a point of view.
Fashion:  A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Let all fetuses live.
Does "Gay 90s" have anything to do with Clinton's Army?
Do witches run spell checkers?
<<<DEADLY NINJA THROWING TAGLINE>>>
"@#$%*!  I've struck oil", Tom said, crudely.
YOU VACUOUS STUFFY-NOSED MALODOROUS PERVERT!!!
Downstairs, in the historic Old Grid Building.
BATF Cafeteria Menu: Blackened Baby Back Ribs.
DRUMMERS do it longer
Pants:  Trousers' country cousins.
duck season, wabbit season, duck season, wabbit season..
"Shut up Spock, we're rescuing you" - McCoy.....
Narrow minded: looks through keyhole with both eyes at the same time.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Want a taste of religion?  Bite a minister!
"Every why hath a wherefore."
You will be invited to dine with many important people.
Focus On the Family; "McCulture" at its very best!
Define normal.
Artists do it by design.
"Dumber than advertised." -- Yakko Warner
Sysoping makes you fat.
A man's best friend is his copy of Messenger V1.0.
FORE!.........................................<BONK!<
Skydivers go down faster.
 
 Q: Have you heard of Salomon Rushdie's new book?
 A: It's called "Buddha, You Fat Fuck"



 Quoted in this months FHM magazine:
 
 So which one are you?
 
 Acrophillia - Arousal by heights.
 Acrotomophilia - Arousal by the thought of having sex with an amputee.
 Anasteemaphilia - Arousal by the fact one's partner is of a different height.
 Arachnephilia - Arousal by sex play involving spiders.
 Autoganistophilia - Arousal by being on stage or performing for a camera.
 Dendrophilia - Arousal by trees.
 Dysmorphophilia - Arousal by deformities in a partner.
 Emetophilia - Arousal  by vomit or vomiting.
 Harmatophilia - Arousal by mistakes.
 Harpaxophilia - Arousal by mistakes.
 Nasophilia - Arousal by sucking, licking , or touching another person's nose.
 Nosophilia - Arousal the knowledge that a partner is terminally ill.
 Ochlophilia - Arousal by a crowd.
 Odontophilia - Arousal by teeth.
 Phallophilia - Arousal by a penis of extraordinary dimensions or endurance.
 Spectrophilia - Arousal by intercourse with ghosts, spirits or angels.
 Taphephilia - Arousal by being buried alive.
 Urophilia - Arousal by acts involving urine.
 



1.If you meet a woman, and you like her, then she...
     -has a boyfriend
     -is a lesbian
      -has many friends she prefers to you
     -doesn't notice you're there

2.If a girl likes you, then you won't know before she has lost her interest
in you and it is impossible to get her back.

3.If you meet a girl who likes you, and you like her, and she doesn't have a
boyfriend, then she will have one within the week, and it isn't you.

4.The only way to win a girl is to take her love for granted (if you keep
questioning it, she'll get tired of you).

5.If you take love for granted, everything will just go to hell.

 6.If you don't have a girlfriend, there's always someone to remind you about
it.

7.If you know a girl, date her, etc. etc. and in the end tell her that you
love her, you won't hear from her again for the rest of your life.

8.About who picks you up:
    -If you're heterosexual, then homosexuals will try to pick you up.
    -If you're homosexual, then heterosexuals will try to pick you up.
    -If you're bi-sexual, then noone will try to pick you up.

9.If you have a friend who knows a girl who is desperately looking for a boy,
he'll splice her with someone else.

10.About finding love:
     -If you hope that you have found love, you'll get very disappointed.
     -If you think that you have found love, you're wrong.
     -If you know that you have found love, you have been misinformed.
     -If you have found love, you won't know about it before it is lost.

11.There's always someone who is happy for his/her entire life, and it isn't
you.

12.If you both love something, she'll hate it next week.

13.About winning/losing:
     -If you don't have anything to lose, you won't win.
     -If you have something to lose, you'll lose it.
     -If you don't have anything to win, you'll win so that you can lose
more.

14.If she's having a good time, it's not because of you.

15.About dating:
     -If she didn't say anything, she'll bring her boyfriend she never told
you about.
     -If she arrives with her girlfriend, it's because she wants some kind of
protection, not to put the two of you together.
     -If she comes alone, it's because she looks at you as a friend, and
there isn't a chance in the world you'll ever be more than a friend.


        YOU KNOW YOU'RE TOO SERIOUS ABOUT COMPUTERS...
 
    If you did an error-free installation of Windows 95.
    When your modem starts smoking.
    If no one can reach you by phone since your computer is always online.
    If you log-off your system because it's time to go to work.
    If you call in sick because you found a great new WWW site.
    If you can type your top 10 favorite Web sites, by heart.
    If you can locate a particular home page without using a search engine.
    If you can write your own html page.
    If you can access more than 20 erotic no-pay sites.
    If you download more than 20Mb of from a binary newsgroup, in one
       session.
    If while reading a magazine, you look for the Zoom icon for a better look
       at a photograph.
    You comment, while watching a sunset, that the image would be
       enhanced with 10% more magenta and a higher resolution.
    If while driving down the street, you are confused by the numbers on
       the houses - they do not appear to be legitimate WWW addresses.
    When someone tells you to remember something, and you look for
       File/Save command.
    When you discover there is no little car icon with a forward arrow on
       the dashboard of your car, to make it go.
    When you think the File/Kill command should apply to your system
       administrator.
    When you find it easier to dial-up the National Weather Service
       Weather/your_town/now.html  than to simply look out the window.
    When you start using phrases like:
        Hungry.must-eat.food.now@home
    If you have a heart attack when you forgot to pay your phone bill and
        receive a "pending disconnection of service" notice.
    When you order most of what you buy... online.
    If your fingers quit moving because you've been online for 36 hours.
    When you find yourself engaged to someone you've never actually
       met; except through e-mail.
    When you log-off from a session in your favorite newsgroup... and
       your log reads:  Online time: 56 hours 24 minutes.
    If your net provider suggests you try a competitor, because you're
       exceeding 300 hours a month, connect time.
    When you add your third modem and dedicated phone line.
    You access Microsoft's Web page every Sunday morning for Brother
       Bill's sermon.
    When that 112Gb hard drive is full.
    If 133 Mhz is simply too slow.
    When your desk collapses under the weight of your computer
       peripherals.
    If you have an "online" light installed on your car to tell you when the
       engine is running.
    When you discover that in order to drive your car somewhere, you do
       not enter an  http://  or  ftp://  address.
    If you can actually talk to the computers in your new car - and
       understand what they say.
    When you modify the programming of your car's computers and
       actually get better mileage.
    When you can access the Net - via your portable and cellular phone.
    If on the way home from work, you use your portable and cellular phone
       in your car, to reprogram a Tomahawk missile, in flight, and redirect
       it to take out the joker in the Cadillac who cut you off.
    If you try to press Alt-F4 to close your car window.
    When you put a CD-ROM in your car's player.
    When someone tells you about a great new program and you're very
       disappointed to find it's on TV.
    If every sentence you utter begins with, "On the Net..."
    If you put your e-mail address in the upper left-hand corner of
       envelopes.
    If you have your e-mail address printed on your stationary.
    When you insist on seeing the movie "The Net" - for the 63rd time.
    If magazines like "InternetWorld" are of greater interest than
       "Playboy" or "Playgirl".
    If you maintain more than 6 e-mail addresses.
    If you use more than 20 passwords.
    If you set up your own Web page.
    If you set up a Web page for each of your kids... and your pets.
    If, instead of a phone number, you ask someone for their e-mail
       address.
    If you don't know anyone who DOESN'T have an e-mail addresses.
    If, to you, 'safe sex' means doing it online.
    If you convince your mom that she HAS to get online because e-mail
       is so much cheaper than long distance phone charges.
    If you can write a list like this.
    If you can relate to a list like this.
 
 (c) JOKEMASTER, 1995


 
 When men get married, they lose much more than women in the same situation.
 Before marriage, most men can dress themselves, more or less, drive a car
 without instructions, eat food without making too much of a mess, and
 generally muddle through life blissfully unaware that everything they are
 doing is wrong. Example:
 Getting ready for a party or family get-together, you (the man) put on clean
 underwear, socks, jeans and a shirt. Checking in the mirror, you note with
 satisfation that all the naughty parts are hidden, and no holes are apparent.
 Smiling smuggly, you exit the bedroom and stand in front of the woman you
 plan to be with all your life. "How do I look, honey?" you ask, knowing
 she'll be overjoyed to see her man decked out in his splendor. Your wife
 barely glances at you and says "You're not wearing THAT, are you?"
 Thinking fast, you reply, "Why, no. Of course not. I just put this on to show
 you what I WOULDN'T wear this evening. What do you think I should wear?" She
 rattles off some discriptive words that sound like English. Words such as
 taupe, flair-front, crew neck, french cuff (which sounds a lot like some
 kinky sex thing, but isn't), single breasted (ditto the last parentheses),
 and cordovans. As she winds down, one thing sticks in your mind, "She said
 the socks and tie should match." Every man knows that if he see another man
 with matching socks and tie, the man is wearing a gift. But you do your best,
 and eventually she allows you to step out in public.
 Next, driving the car.
 

 
 Driving an automobile, as we've all been taught, is a serious endevour.
 That's why I find it hard to believe how many men (and women) take speed
 limits and stoplights as mere suggestions, but enough preaching.
 Men and women drive differently. I know this because my bride didn't have a
 drivers license when we married. Loving husband that I was, I undertook
 teaching her how to operate a motor vehicle. This was one of the biggest
 mistakes of my life (aside from joining the Marine Corps during the Southeast
 Asia War Games, or Viet Nam, in which I'm proud to say, we came in second
 place). After dilligently explaining the rules of the road (she said there
 were too many), demonstrating the various controls on my VW Rabbit, and
 taking her for test drives in empty parking lots, I felt she was ready for
 the right of passage...THE DRIVERS EXAM!!! I waited breathlessly as she and
 the man from the Secretary of State's Office entered my car, and my wife
 drove away. Time passed....a lot of time passed....almost an hour passed, and
 still no little VW appeared on the horizon. Finally a cab pulled up, and out
 stepped my wife and the instructor, who looked very disgruntled (what does
 "gruntled" look like?). He walked up to me, handed me the keys to my car, and
 mumbled something about thanking God for seatbelts.
 My wife was in tears, black lines of mascara ran down her cheeks. I gently
 took her by the shoulders, shook her almost senseless, and with love in my
 voice screamed in her ear, "WHERE THE HELL IS MY CAR?" Between sobs, she
 managed to convey that she had attempted to make a left hand turn from the
 right lane, suprising both the instructor and the car next to mine because
 she had the right turn signal on. By all accounts, the crash was tremendous,
 glass flying in all directions, the sound of crumpling metal, and the mingled
 screams of my wife and the instructor.
 The instructor not only didn't give my wife a license, he suspended mine for
 teaching her.
 


 Cooking is important in a relationship. Who's doing the cooking is almost as
 important. Most men, if a can opener and microwave are handy, can sustain
 themselves between fast food binges, but women are under the impression that
 only a female can really cook (I mentioned this to Wolfgang Puck, and the
 little man laughed and laughed), and banish their husbands from the kitchen
 soon after the honeymoon. This, by the way, is why when men empty the
 dishwasher, they never know where anything belongs. It's not, as some women
 have suggested, a genetic trait, just ignorance borne of bannishment. But
 enough of this, back to the cooking.
 Women are used to the way they cook, men are used to the way their mothers
 cook, and herein begins the problem. Example from my marriage:
 My ex-wife was a religious cook. Every dinner tasted like the Last Supper.
 The first meal she cooked for us after our honeymoon (another disaster best
 left for another day) was placed in front of me by my bride, beaming proudly
 at the mass of meat that could only be identified by dental charts. "I can
 cook pot roast and peach cobbler." she said with pride. Without thinking I
 said, "And which one is this?" That was the first time I had to defend myself
 against a crazed woman armed with a peppermill. The last time, too, now that
 I think about it. There were always one of three results when my wife cooked;
 heartburn or stomach cramps, or both with the added pleasure of liquid
 squirting out of places from which it's not normal. It's hard for me to
 remember my wife's most memorable dish...I had so many of them thrown at me,
 but that's another story, too.
 

 
 Women are empathic, men are pathetic. We haven't got a clue as to empathizing
 with another human being. Male bonding consists of hitting each other on the
 shoulder, swearing a lot, and talking about the latest football game (Go
 Bears!!!) while consuming huge amounts of beer. Female bonding is another
 thing all together. It consists of expressing emotions from despair to bliss,
 talking of inner feelings and personal relationships, and, of course, how
 clueless we men are. Example from my marriage:
 Shorty after our Honeymoon, my bride stepped between me and the television,
 and said "We have to talk." Being new to the married thing, and not knowing
 the ramifications of a "we have to talk" talk, I immediately turned the TV
 off (the Bears were winning big anyway, and I was out of beer), and said
 "Whatever is bothering you is bothering me. Tell me about it." This was, I
 thought, just the kind of careing, loving statement a good husband should
 make under the circumstances. She tured tear-filled eyes toward me and said
 "I feel all empty inside." I said (and here comes the clueless part), "Well,
 why don't you make yourself a sandwich, then? We could order some carry-out."
 When I woke up, my clothes were tossed all over the room, and I was still in
 them. I had a splitting headache, and a vague realization that I had made
 some major mistake. I
 wasn't sure just what it was, but after a few repetitions of, more or less,
 this same scene, it began to dawn on me....at least once each day a woman is
 going to ask her man a question that will determine his sex life for the next
 twenty-four hours. The trick is learning to spot just which question this is.
 It could be something as simple as "Did you like your dinner?" to the always
 confusing, and always fustrating "Do I look fat in this?" There is no right
 answer to this question. Either way, you're screwed...or not screwed to be
 exact. But one question should be banned from the female volcabulary: "Do you
 think she's prettier than me?" She always is, but we have to lie, and lie
 convincingly, to get laid that night.
 

 
 Women hold all the power in any relationship. They know, and we (men) know
 it. They know that we know it, and they know that we know that they know
 it....I could go on, but what's the point? The point is, as some feminist
 once said "Any woman who wants to be equal with a man is setting her sights
 too low." Granted, things have changed since Janis Ian sang "....then married
 and retire.", but not much. While the average wife in today's world does work
 (and granted, she usually makes less money than her male counterpart), there
 is a fair number of women who, when they slipped the ring on their grooms
 finger, it was the last thing they did by hand. Coming home from work one
 day, I found my bride laying on the couch, a wet cloth over her eyes. I
 rushed over, filled with concern and asked "What's the matter, darling?" She
 moved the cloth enough to expose one eye, and whimpered "I did the laundry
 today." Now, I've done my fair share of laundry in my time, and I have never
 found it to be very exhausting. She said, "But I fold the clothes." She can
 bend cotton with her bare hands? Hope I never run into her in a dark alley. "
 And I separate." I've separted, too, on several occasions, most not including
 clothes, but in any event, it was not the most tiring experience of my life.
 Next came vacuuming. I bought a self-propelled, automatic adjusting (what
 ever that means), Tim Allen powered vacuum with a headlight. (What's the
 light for? Does it blind the dust bunnies so they freeze like deer caught in
 the headlights of your car, thus making them easier to catch?) I've used it.
 It takes less energy to sweep the living room with this contraption than it
 does to floss your teeth. Dusting is a big one. "I have to move everything
 out of the way and then put it back.", the "everything"  being the various
 pieces of bric-a-brac we all have scattered around our homes, most times with
 no rhyme or reason. I told her to do what every man in the world does, dust
 around them. It stands to reason that if a small statue has been sitting in
 one spot for the past week, there's no dust under it. But, since this is the
 final installment, let me leave you with these words of wisdom I just made
 up: Every morning when a man wakes up, he should be bigger, weigh more have
 more facial hair, and a deeper voice than the person in bed next to him.
 (A quick note on why I'm terminating this series: Ever since I started
 writing these postings, I have gotten nothing but complimentary mailings from
 all over the world, and I was very, very happy to hear from you all. I tried
 to respond to each in kind, and I believe I did. If I missed anyone, please
 except my deepest regreats. But this morning two things happened; one, I got
 a posting from someone who thinks this whole thing has been a waste of space.
 If anyone else thinks so, again, I'm sorry. Second, a publisher has contacted
 me and wants me to write all of this and more in a book. We're having lunch
 tomorrow, and it sounds pretty good. Again, thank you all for your kind
 words, and I'll still be posting jokes, just not this series.)
 


 Top-N Experiments being performed on the space shuttle Endeavor
 
 (drumroll, please...)
 
   1. If you have a sphere of water in zero-g with a goldfish in it and the
      goldfish dies, which direction does he float?
   2. If you spit fro this high, how long does it take to hit the ground
      and what are the environmental impacts
   3. How many times can Frank put on his spacesuit and say "Danger! Will
      Robinson! Danger!" before his crewmates kill him
   4. Can you play tennis using hamsters in zero-g, and does it hurt them
   5. Can you pick up the nudie channels on the satellite dish unscrambled
   6. How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a
      tootsie pop
   7. Do you have to be naked to find out what is visible to the naked eye
      from space
   8. Is it militarily feasible to drop water balloons on enemy targets
      from space
   9. If you radio back "Houston, we have a problem. Larry has the farts.",
      how many engineers will they put on the problem, and will they create
      a mockup of the shuttle and have an engineer fart in it
  10. Can this baby do a loop on re-entry
  11. how long can Japanese people live in an equipment locker with no food
      or water.
  12. Does the light stay on when you close the cargo bay doors.
  13. Can I see my house from here?
  16. Does a beer bong work in zero-g?
  18. Hold a cat upside down and drop, you'll get to see a live
      demonstration of that Tazmanian Devil thing from Bugs
  19. Is the "deed" as easy to do in space as it looked in "Moonraker?"
  20. Find out how long you can look through the Hubble telescope for
      10cents
  21. Question: Is there frosted glass on the window of the Space Shuttle
      and if so....why, who's gonna look in ?
  23. Could Clinton and Congressional Republicans agree on a balanced
      budget quicker if we placed them on the Mir space station?
  24. DNA testing on alien life forms to help O.J. find the REAL KILLERS !
  25. What is the least efficent way to waste taxpayer money, anyway?
  27. Condom testing in zero gravity!!
  28. What's the download time for downloading nudie pics from the internet
      on the shuttle's computer from orbit!!
  29. Is being in orbit an appropriate excuse for not filing your income
      taxes by April 15th?
  30. Say, what's the range on that cellular telephone, anyway?
  31. Practicing the, "Picard Manuever."
  32. So, what were Michael Jackson and Lisa-Marie Presley really doing in
      the bedroom?
  33. New world record setting of the most, "Frequent Flyer Miles."
 



 A collection of SPAM Haikus
==========================

Pink tender morsel,
Glistening with salty gel.
What the hell is it?

  --------------

Ears, snouts and inards,
A homogeneous mass.
Pass another slice.

  --------------

Cube of cold pinkness
Yellow specks of porcine fat.
Give me a spork please.

  --------------

Old man seeks doctor.
"I eat SPAM daily", says he.
Angioplasty.

  --------------

Highly unnatural,
The tortured shape of this "food":
A small pink coffin.


I spilled spot remover on my dog.  He's gone now.

I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add.

I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.

It doesn't matter what temperature the room is;
it's always room-temperature.

If you're not part of the solution,
you're part of the precipitate.

It's a small world,
but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.

You can't have everything...where would you put it?

I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time"
So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.

I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards.
I got a full house and four people died.

Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
I think I've forgotten this before.

I went to a general store.
They wouldn't let me buy anything specifically.

I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery.
When I got there, the guy was locking the front door.
I said, "Hey, the sign says you're open 24 hours"
He said, "Yes, but not in a row"

I love to go shopping.
I love to freak out salespeople.
They ask me if they can help me, and I say,
"Have you got anything I'd like?"
Then they ask me what size I need, and I say,
"Extra medium"

I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
So I had to buy them again.

While I was gone,
someone stole everything in my apartment
and replaced it with an exact replica.
When I told my roommate, he said, "Do I know you?"

I installed a skylight in my apartment.
The people who live above me are furious!
In my house there's this light switch that doesn't do anything.
Every so often I would flick it on and off just to check.
Yesterday, I got a call from a woman in Germany.
She said, "Cut it out"

On the ceilings in my house,
I have paintings of the rooms above so I never have to go upstairs.

I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.
You couldn't park anywhere near the place.

I have an answering machine in my car.
It says, "I'm home now.
But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out"

I was going 70 miles an hour and got stopped by a cop who said,
"Do you know the speed limit is 55 miles per hour?"
"Yes, officer, but I wasn't going to be out that long"

One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign.
He said, "Didn't you see the stop sign?"
I said, "Yeah, but I don't believe everything I read"

I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.
Now when I get pulled over, the cop looks at it
[moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly],
and says, "Here, you can go"

The judge asked, "What do you plead?"
I said, "Insanity, your honor.
Who in their right mind would park in the passing lane?"

When I get real bored,
I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.

Yesterday I parked my car in a tow-away zone.
When I came back the entire area was missing.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.
Now it looks like I'm the only one moving.

For a while I didn't have a car...I had a helicopter...no place to park it, so I
just tied it to a lamp post and left it running.
[slow glance upward]

I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.

I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day because that
means it's going to be up all night.
Last night I fell asleep in a satellite dish.
My dreams were broadcast all over the world.

When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me,
"Did you sleep well?"
I said, "No, I made a few mistakes"

I got up one morning and couldn't find my socks, so I called
Information.
She said, "Hello, Information"
I said, "I can't find my socks"
She said, "They're behind the couch"

I bought a self learning record to learn Spanish.  I turned it
on and went to sleep; the record got stuck.  The next day I
could only stutter in Spanish.

I was born by Caesarian section...but not so you'd notice.
It's just that when I leave a house, I go out through the
window.

When I was a little kid we had a sand box.
It was a quicksand box.
I was an only child...eventually.

Well, you know when you're rocking in a rocking chair, and you
go so far that you almost fall over backwards, but at the last
instant you catch yourself?  That's how I feel all the time.

I was reading the dictionary.
I thought it was a poem about everything.

What's another word for Thesaurus?

After they make styrofoam, what do they ship it in?

Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.

I had some eyeglasses.
I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.

I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.

I have the world's largest collection of seashells.
I keep it on all the beaches of the world...perhaps you've seen it.

I have a map of the United States...actual size.
It says, "Scale: 1 mile = 1 mile"
I spent last summer folding it.
I also have a full-size map of the world.
I hardly ever unroll it.
I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck,
but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.

Smoking cures weight problems...eventually.

I took a course in speed waiting.
Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.

My friend Winnie is a procrastinator.
He didn't get his birth mark til he was eight years old.

If you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parentheses.

My friend asked me how long I was going to be gone on this tour.
I said, "The whole time"

I just bought a microwave fireplace.
You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes.

My friend has a baby.
I'm writing down all the noises he makes
so later I can ask him what he meant.

I like to torture my plants by watering them with ice cubes.

Today I dialed a wrong number.
The other side said, "Hello?" and I said,
"Hello, could I speak to Joey?"
They said, "Uh, I don't think so...He's only two months old"
I said, "I'll wait"

Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID
that he just whipped out a quarter?

A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.
You don't have to go.
You'll just be walking down the street,
and...ooooohhhhhh, that's much better.

I got a new shadow.
I had to get rid of the other one.
It wasn't doing what I was doing.
Well, I've received some more Steve Wright jokes, most from
MaccuPicchu <star1357@ix.netcom.com> and a few others from a guy where
I work.  So here are some, and I'll send the rest tomorrow. :-)

I was arrested today for scalping low numbers at the deli...sold #3 for
$28 bucks.

I bought some batteries, but they weren't included...so I had to buy
them again. What do batteries run on? Why is the alphabet in that
order? Is it because of that song...guy who wrote that wrote
everything.

I went to a museum where they had all the heads and arms from all the
statues in all the other museums.

Why is it a penny for your thoughts, but you have to put your two-cents
in.

Every once in a while I like to stick my head out the window, look up
at the sky and smile...for a satellite picture.

I used to be a proofreader for a skywriting company.

Once I worked for a natural organic health food store in Seattle,
Washington...one day a man walked in and said "If I melt dry ice can I
swim without getting wet."  I said, "I don't know...let me ask Tony."

I told her I knew when I was going to die because my birth certificate
had an expiration date on it.

I bought a ticket on Airline Bizarre...a one-way round-trip ticket...
You leave any Monday and they bring you back the previous Friday...
that way you still have the weekend.

I got an answering machine for my phone...now, when I'm not home and
somebody calls me up...they hear a recording of a busy signal.

Sorry...my mind was wandering...one time it went all the way to Venus
and ordered a meal I couldn't pay for.

I walked up to a beautiful woman in a bar and I said "Do you live
around here often?" And she said, "You're wearing two different colored
socks"...and I said, "I know, but to me they're the same, I go by
thickness."

I have the oldest typewriter in the world...it types in pencil.

I was walking my dog around my building on the ledge...a lot of people
are afraid of heights...not me, I'm afraid of widths.

My dog is an East German Shepherd.

My girlfriend has a Queen-size bed...I have a CourtJester size bed...
it's red and green, has bells on it...and the ends curl up.
Do you remember the one in which he says he took his dog for a walk...
all the way from New York to Florida...
then he said to his dog "There now you're done."

Or how about the one in which he says he named his dog "Stay"...
so he could say "Come here, Stay.  Come here, Stay."

I went to a restaurant. It said "Breakfast anytime"...so I ordered
French Toast during the Renaissance.

One time right in the middle of a job interview, I took out a book and
started reading...The guy said "What the hell are you doing? I said
"Let me ask you a question...If you were in a vehicle and you were
travelling at the speed of light, and then you turned your headlights
on...would they do anything?"  He said, "I don't know." I said "Forget
it then, I don't want to work for you."

I've never seen electricity, that's why I don't pay for it.

I'm writing a book. I have the page numbers down...I just have to fill
in the rest.

I have a microwave fireplace. You can lay down in front of the fire for
the entire evening in 8 minutes.

Coming back from Canada...as I crossed over the border...I was asked if
had any firearms...I said, "What do you need?"

My watch is three hours fast and I can't fix it, so I'm going to move
to New York.

I was on a ski lift with another person...no one I knew...and he didn't
say a word until we were half way up the mountain...then he said, "I
haven't been skiing in ten years."
I said "How come?"
He said "I was in jail."
I didn't say anything.
He said, "You wanna know why?"
I said, "Not really."
He said, "I'll tell you anyway...
I was jailed for pushing a complete stranger off a ferris wheel."

I put tape on my mirrors at my house so I won't accidentally walk
through them into another dimension.

I went to the fights, and a hockey game broke out.

I put a new engine in my car, but I forgot to take the old
one out now I can go 300 mp/h.

The power in my apartment went out the other night.  I had to
use the flash on my camera to find my way around.  I took
twenty seven pictures of my kitchen while I was making a sandwich.

"640K ought to be enough for anybody." (Bill Gates, 1981)
"A newspaper is a collection of half-injustices"
"All my hidden skills are undiscovered." - Clinton
"Are your cookies made with real Girl Scouts?"
"But honey, we need a 2 gig drive for word processing!"
"DOS=HIGH" Hmm, I knew it was on something...
"Good morning!" is an opinion, not a greeting.
"Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment."
"Ground Beef" -- A Cow With No Legs!
"Hex Dump" - Where Witches put used curses?
"I'd like all your $20 bills in this bag", "To go".
"Leave my blouse alone! I said Spellcheck, not Spillcheck"
"MEOW"...SPLAT..."RUFF"...SPLAT...(Raining cats & dogs)
"Please return stewardess to original upright position"
"Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar" - Freud
"Uh honey, a P5 with a 20" monitor is perfect for mail"
"WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is?"
(A)bort, (R)etry, (F)ail, (G)rab_Hammer
*IT IS* documented, look under "For Internal Use Only."
......64..65...66...67...68...69... "STOP RIGHT THERE!"
...and I betcha she can say it in 10 different languages!
...I love children!  They taste just like chicken.
...I multi-task, I read in the bathroom.
...So simple a child could do it?  Go find me a child!
1 + 2 = 3; Therefore, 4 + 5 = 6.
10 days and 18 messages later, "Oh I understand now"
20 Dumb Blonds in freezer:  Frosted flakes.
3 stages of sex: Tri-weekly, try weekly, try weakly.
50 states, and I had to pick one of confusion...
69, 714, 2112 : Sex, drugs, and Rock and Roll!
74% of all statistics are made up on the spot
89.6% of all statistics are wrong.
A .45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead!
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
A dry sense of humor is better than slobbering everywhere
A field upgrade,HAL. We're going to make you IBM compatible.
A fool with a tool is a well-equipped fool
A girl a day keeps the wife away.
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
A hundred years from now, none of us will give a damn.
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far.
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge.
A lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
A little greed can get you lots of stuff
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant.
A man's incomplete until married; then he's finished!
A narrow mind is usually accompanied by a wide mouth.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day...
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40psi.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces every time.
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
A too-short mini skirt leaves a definitive end in view.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
A wife lasts as long as a marriage, an ex-wife for ever.
A woman cries before the wedding, a man after.
Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are.
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
AGGHHhhh, 4 AM Already!
ALL bikini clad women, proceed to move to California.
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
Always consider the alternative before making a choice.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
Always smile.  It makes people wonder what you're up to.
Am I ignorant or apathetic?  I don't know and don't care!
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin.
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic.
Anyone who remembers the 60's...wasn't there.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
Are you on an ego trip?   You forgot your luggage.
As your Doctor I advise you to drink heavily.
ASCII silly questions and you'll get some silly ANSI
Author of "Lead, follow, or get outta the way."
Avoid the 5 o'clock rush - always leave work at noon.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Bank Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at.
BBS Tip #45: ALT-H gives you sysop access!
Be kind to animals.....Take your Boss to lunch......
Behind every man, there's a woman with nothing to wear.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Bush says "No new taxes!", Clinton says, "No, NEW taxes!"
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Call me if you need my phone number!
Canadian DOS prompt: EH?\>
Captain we're at 1700 CPS. The UARTs canna take much more
Careful.  I know Karate and a few other foreign words.
Cats are smarter than dogs. Eight cats won't pull a sled.
Chemists don't die, they just stop reacting!
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Compatible: Blows up a little later than Incompatible
copy *.txt > brain
Credit card owner -- Member of the debt set
Criminal lawyer.  Isn't that redundant?
Cross river *THEN* insult alligator.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got 'im with the mower!
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Debrief:  Wife listening while you talk in your sleep.
Dentist's famous last words: "You won't feel a thing..."
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Diplomacy: Saying "Nice doggie" until you can find a rock
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye..
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do radioactive cats have eighteen half-lives?
Do witches use Spell-checkers?
Do ya really believe her when she says size don't matter?
Do you always hit the nail right on the thumb?
Does "PIRATE" software come with a treasure map?
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
Don't be sexist.  Broads hate that.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind is made up!
Don't even TRY to THINK without proper tools.
Don't lend people money.  It causes amnesia.
Don't look now, but your file is unzipped.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't open the darkroom door; it lets all the dark out.
Don't overtax yourself; that's the Government's job.
Don't take life seriously...it isn't permanent.
Don't worry the next message will be better!
Earth is 98% full...please delete anyone you can.
Elvis Stamps:  Where will your mail be spotted next?
Epitaph on a gravestone: Cheerio, see you soon.
Error-Disk Full Error,Formatting Drive C: to make space
Every exit is an entrance into something else.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every step you take becomes a twist of fate.
Every valuable idea offends someone.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year.
Everyone is gifted. Some just open their packages sooner.
Everyone makes mistakes, if not we'd all be single!
Excuse me if I sound bitter....I taste that way too
Excuse me, while I change into something more formidable.
Expert: "ex"=a has-been. "spert"=a drip under pressure.
Explosion at sperm bank.  Nurses overcome.
Features should be discovered, not documented!
First, they tax incomes; now they're taxing my patience.
Floppy Disk = Lower back trouble.
Fools and their money become popular quickly.
General Failure reading drive A:  Please remove your fist
Get gun.  Shoot computer.  Turn off lights...
Give a man an inch, and he thinks he's a ruler.
Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
Go ahead, correct my typos.  I'll make more.
Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go EVERYwhere.
Got my Uzi, got some Scotch...let's go to Disneyland!
Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer again...
Gravity doesn't exist. The Earth sucks.
Great beer bellies are made, not born.
Gun Control:  Ability to hit what you aim at!
Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
HA HAH HA HAH HAH <SMACK> ... oof ...
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to Doc Jack Kevorkian.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned!
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Help!  I've been possessed by a UNIX daemon!
Here, you go first, you're immune to bullets.
Hey Santa, can I have a copy of your naughty girls list?
Hey!  Don't shoot that postal worker <BANG!> NO  CARRIER
Hey, wake up! It's time for your sleeping pills.
Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
Honesty pays, but not enough for some.
Hong Kong, Son of King Kong
Honk if you love obscene gestures.
Horn busted! Watch for finger...
Hot water Heaters:  hot water needs heating?
How can you be so deaf with those huge ears?
How did I get round from eating square meals?
How do women get minks? Same way minks get minks
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
I am correct, the rest of you are wrong!
I am in total control, but don't tell my wife.
I am not 40, I'm 18 with 22 years experience
I am not arguing with you, I'm telling you.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am the Shopping Cart that nicks at your paint-job.
I came, I saw, I confused.
I can keep a secret.  It's the people I tell that can't
I can SPELL, I just can't TYPE worth a hoot !
I can't be overdrawn, I still have checks left!
I don't have a solution but I really admire the problem.
I don't have all the answers, just those that count.
I don't own any slaves. My wife has one, though.
I gave up on my wife, and married my computer.
I got everything but the part after "Now listen closely".
I have a dirty mind, I mud wrestle with my conscience.
I have a firm grip on reality.  Now I can strangle it.
I have been poor and I have been rich.  Rich is better.
I have but three enemies: fear, anger, ignorance.
I have my wife on a 4 year lease with an option to buy.
I have seen the data...now bring me some I can agree with
I haven't lost my mind, it's backed up on disk
I idiot-proof my programs, & along comes a bigger idiot.
I just took an IQ test.  The results were negative.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure
I love animals!  But they all seem to taste like chicken.
I may be wrong, but I'm never in doubt!
I may have my faults, but being wrong ain't one of them.
I may have settled in shipping.
I may look busy, but I'm just confused!
I need a drink...where's the SPACE BAR?
I never get lost, just momentarily disoriented.
I still miss my ex-wife - but my aim is improving!
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
I think, therefore I am, I think
I thought I was a wit, and I was half right.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but they can swim.
I tÒld yoÒ, "NeverÒtouch Òhe flopÒy disk sÒrface!"
I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
I was on a roll, till I slipped on the butter.
I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I'd love to, but I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but I'm touring China with a wok band.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'd love to, but the President said he might drop in.
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
I'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having.
I'm as confused as a baby at a topless bar!
I'm Buy-sexual, I have to pay for it.
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way.
I'm in shape ... round's a shape isn't it?
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing.
I'm not afraid of flying, I'm afraid of crashing.
I'm not afraid of heights; I'm afraid of widths.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing with you!
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
I'm not rude, I'm "attitudinally challenged".
I'm not spoiled...I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!
I'm not worthless.  I can always serve as a bad example.
I'm sorry Mrs. Bobbitt, you can't send that in the mail.
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
I've met zucchini with more potential.
I've seen condom vending machines, but this one installs.
if ( original_ver == OK )  don't_upgrade();
If (Wife = "yes") then (MONEY = "Gone") else Single
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If all goes well, you've overlooked something!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If at first you don't succeed, call it Ver 1.0
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil . . .
If I save time, when do I get it back ?
If I throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter?
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you!
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks?
If it jams, force it....If it breaks, it needed replacing
If it screams, it's not food, yet....
If it works, rip it apart and find out why!
If it works, you must have done something wrong.
If it's obvious, it's obviously wrong.
If it's useless, it will have to be documented.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help!
If screwups were dollars, I'd be a millionaire!!
If she can't take the heat, get her out of the oven!
If the thread ended in her jeans, should we follow it?
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If things improve with age, I'm nearly MAGNIFICENT!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If Version 1.0 works someone goofed...
If you can't laugh at yourself ... I'll do it for you.
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't make it good, make it expensive.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once!
If you really want to know, you won't ask me.
If you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
If you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards.
if you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself.
If you want the last word with a woman, apologize.
In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a pole.
In an empty head, you can hear forever....
In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
Include this in your CONFIG.SYS File: BUGS=OFF
Insanity is just a state of mind.
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Invest in negotiable blondes...
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights.
It said "Insert disk #3", but only 2 will fit!
It was so cold, I almost got married.
It wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house!
It's 10:00pm.  Do you know where your daughter is?
It's been a business doing pleasure with you...
It's not a BUG, it's an undocumented feature!
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
It's not the money I want, it's the stuff.
It's not worth it.  I'm going back to bed.
It's tagline poker.  Can you beat EIGHT aces...?
Its rarely fun, never easy, and always expensive!
Jesus saves....Passes to Moses....He shoots!  HE SCORES!
Junk - stuff we throw away.  Stuff - junk we keep.
Just got a new car for my wife... Great trade...
Just when you got it all figured out:  An UPGRADE!
Just when you thought it was safe to go outside...
Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes.
Last words of Socrates: "I drank what?!?!"
Lead me not into temptation, I can find my own way
Life is a game.  Money is how we keep score.
Life is not fair...it IS, however, quite a circus.
Life is short, eat dessert first.
Live long and prosper... But don't let the IRS know.
Lots of people make sense, I want to make $$$
Love is grand. Divorce is twenty grand.
Love of money is the root of all politics.
Lunatic asylum: where optimism most flourishes.
Luxuriantly hand-crafted from only the finest ASCII.
Madness takes it's toll. Please have exact change.
Mail your ideas written on the back of a $20 bill to...
May your screen live long and phosphor.
Maybe they'll send you a free upgrade...NOT!
Me, indecisive?  I don't think I am, do you?
Memories of you remind me of you.
Microwave Hint#3: Make a hole in the turtle's shell first
Minds, like parachutes, work best when open.
Misfortune: The kind of fortune that never misses.
Mistress: something between a mister and a matteress
Money is like a promise, easier made then kept.
Money talks - mine says "Goodbye"
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once.
My Body's here, but my Mind's on vacation.
My boss is tempermental.  50% temper and 50% mental.
My wife loves ME--it's the computer she hates!
Network management is like trying to herd cats...
Never fight with a bear in his own cave.
Never hit a man with glasses.  Use your fist!
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter
Never trust a person who says, "Trust Me"....
New religion? I haven't used up the old one, yet!
Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
No Credit, Bad Credit? No Problem. No Money?  Problem.
No, no, nurse! I said SLIP off his SPECTACLES!!
Objects under T-Shirt are larger than they appear.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of 'em.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most!
Of course I have backup tapes!  Do you want last years?
Philosophy:  unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Please affix a 29-cent stamp on your next message.
Please save the above drivel for future reference!
Please type your Bank PIN number in your reply again.
Politicians are like diapers, they need to be changed often.
Politicians cut red tape....LENGTHWISE
Polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree.
Pornography? I don't even have a pornograph!
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Programmers don't get sniffles, they get a CODE.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out!
Public Restroom-The only place a flush beats a full house
Purranoia: the fear one's cats are up to something.
Put on your seatbelt. I'm gonna try something new.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Resist everything but temptation.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts. Blew a fuse.
Runtime Error 6D at 417A:32CF: Incompetent User.
Santa uses 'The Club' in New York, a vest in Florida.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seeing is believing, Touching is convincing..
Send $20 and I will doubble your IQ or no money back
Send me a dollar and I'll send 3 cents to your charity.
Sharks don't eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
She said she had nothing to wear.  I smiled.
Shock me, say something intelligent!
Should we tell the children when we move?
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Solve the problems of the world: Vote anarchist.
Some days you're the windshield, some days the bug.
Still sliding down the razor blade of life
Stipulation #1:  There will be no stipulations
Stop talking!  I'm out of aspirin!
Success is just a matter of luck.  Ask any failure.
Sure I can help you out!  Which way did you come in?
SWF, blonde bombshell, seeks man now.  No SYSOPs.
System halted.  There is NOTHING you can do.
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Take no prisoners, we can't feed them.
The above opinion is worth 2 cents.
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit you.
The check's in the mail... Trust me!
The earth is 98% full. Please delete anyone you can.
The girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print.
The man who dies with the most toys is dead..
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The Negative orgasm:     "Oh no, Ohh nooo, OH NOOO !"
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
The tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin.
The wise open their minds, but a fool opens his mouth.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
There are no bugs, only unrecognized features.
There is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear.
Things working well, no problems.  Time to upgrade.
This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
This is your brain.  Postscript on brain your is This.
Those with the weapons make the rules.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Tip #9: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
To err is human. To moo is bovine.
To every exception there is a rule.
To get a loan you must prove you don't need it.
To get the point, rub a porcupine backwards.
To hell with criticism.  Praise is good enough for me.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet!
To test a man's character, give him power.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high--ranking official.
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Took an hour to bury the cat.  Silly thing kept moving...
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Unfortunately, Wife 1.0 is not upgradable
Unsolicited advice answers unasked questions
Unzip, expand, explode... What pervert came up with this?
Veni, vedi, VCR:  I came, I saw, I dubbed.
Want to confuse people?  Quote from the wrong message!
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
We have no solution, but we sure admire the problem.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We're all sitting in the same boat: I fish, you row.
We're lost but we're making good time.
Well, to be frank, I'd have to change my name.
What are the instructions doing in the trash??
What are you looking down here for?  Read the message.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What is this tiny hole in the bathroom wall for?
What part of "NO" didn't you understand...?
What principles?  I'm trying to get elected!
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
When a girl goes bad--men go right after her.
When all else fails, read the directions.
When all else fails, read the manual.
When all else fails, spend money!
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
When all is said and done, more is said then done.
When an Agnostic dies, does he go to the Great Perhaps?
When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
When I want your advice, I'll beat it out of you
When in doubt, mumble.  When in trouble, delegate.
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
When your IQ hits 21, SELL!!
Who is General Failure, and *WHY* is he reading my disk?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why get even, when you can get odd?
Wife to sleeping spouse: "Wake up! Who the hell is Tina!!?"
Windows speed tip: type DEL \WINDOWS\*.*
Without my ignorance, your knowledge would be meaningless
Women prefer the simple things in life...MEN!
Women take to good hearted men. Also from.
Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Women who wear mini-skirts sure are cheeky folk.
Women! Cant live with them, Cant live with them!
Words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them.
World Ends at 3pm; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News....
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would you like to have some pizza with that sausage?
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can go home now, I can finish this without you.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
You can pick your friends, but not your relatives.
You can send me to college, but you can't make me think.
You CAN trust the government...ask any Indian.
You can turn ANY conversation into one about sex!
You can't do that. It's been digitally cursed.
You go to heaven...God sneezes... What do you say?
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn
You have only a very small head and must live within it.
You have PMS and a Handgun?  I'll go quietly.....
You have the right to remain silent....  USE IT!
You have to be sharp to be on the cutting edge.
You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
You look like a million dollars.  All in loose change.
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
You used to be indecisive.  Now you're not sure.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be told about it tomorrow.  Go home and prepare
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will never be younger then you are today..
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You're always seated by a crying child during long flights.
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You're not old, You're chronologically disadvantaged
You're only young once.  You're immature forever.
You're PC if you think a "chick" is a baby bird.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
Your aims are high, and you are incapable of much.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
Your boss is thinking about you.
Your ex just called....she's with the IRS now.
Your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!

 Eat a live frog, every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you all
 day.
 A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
 I'll smoke when the pope's wife takes the pill.
 Beauty times brains equals a constant.
 Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be. --Herb Caen
 How much does it cost to ride an IO bus?
 2 Bits.
 Designed with your mind in mind by people who have in mind what you
 should have in mind.
 "That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling
 in itself." -- Tom Gates
 Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
 Hell hath no fury like a woman beaten out of a million dollars.
 When the only tool you have is a hammer, it is tempting to treat
 everything as if it were a nail.
 Don't try to have the last word.  You might get it.
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
 "We are getting into semantics again.  If we use words, there is a
 very grave danger they will be misinterpreted."
         -- H. R. Haldeman, testifying in his own defense.
 Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
 Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
 Person who arrives at party two hours late will probably find he has
 been beaten to the punch.
 When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up
 feeling dopey.
 President Ford has noted that there are too many economic pundits
 and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
 Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
 Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
 He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
 There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
 He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
 There is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
 With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
 they make a law it's a joke.
 A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
 How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
 What is my loftiest ambition?  I've always wanted to throw an egg at
 an electric fan.
 Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
 Lady A: Mr. C, you are quite drunk.
 Mr. C.: And you are very ugly, but indisputably in the morning I will be
         quite sober.
 Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
 Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
 A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one
 part of his body - the wishbone.
 A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another
 woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
 There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and
 won't, and that's a spouse who can't cook and will.
 The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
 Sex is nature's way of saying Hi!'.
 Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
 Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
 Regnant populi. (The people rule.)
 Pregnant ropuli. (The snake will soon lay eggs.)
 Ditat Deus. (God enriches.)
 Post proelium, praemium. (After the battle, the reward.)
 Facta, non verba.
 Sum quod eris. (I am what you will be.)
 Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
 Vigilia pretium libertatis.  (Eternal vigilance is the price of
 liberty.)
 Populus vult decipi. (The people like to be deceived.)
 Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
 Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation
 for their destitution of conscience.
 The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've
 got to be good.
 The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most
 amount of trouble is sex.
 Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
 It took me fifteen  years to discover I  had no talent for  writing,
 but I couldln't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
 Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but
 not well enough to lend to.
 The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
 people to approach printed matter with distrust.
 The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible
 worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.
 In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of
 the enemy.
 He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
 It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
 He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
 The plural of spouse is spice.
 There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
 Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
 A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods
 while the policeman searches you.
 My notion of a wife at forty is that a man should be able to change
 her, like a bank note, for two twenties.
 Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
 "When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean
 conversation."
         Samuel Johnson
 To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
 Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
 Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
 Dawn:   The time when men of reason go to bed.  Certain old men prefer
 to rise at about that time, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an
 empty stomach, and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with
 pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe
 years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of
 their habits, but in spite of them.  The reason we find only robust
 persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have
 tried it.
 What kind of sound does a sub-atomic duck make?
 Quark!!
 How many IBM CPUs does it take to execute a program?
 Ten.  Nine to hold it down, and one to cut its head off.
 The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
 With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
 Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as
 they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out
 a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.

 The rising people, hot and out of breath,
 Roared round the palace:  "Liberty or death!"
 "If death will do," the King said, "let me reign; You'll have, I'm
 sure, no reason to complain."
 Frosh:  "Lemme have a 10-mfd. capacitor."
 Salesman:  "Will you pay for it now?"
 Frosh:  "Naw, charge it."
 Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
 The universe is laughing behind your back.
 You can call her an outdoor girl if she has the bloom of youth on her
 cheeks and the cheeks of youth in her bloomers.
 Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you
 out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
 A venerable old Jewish gentleman was day-dreaming while sunning himself
 on a bench on the boardwalk at Alantic City.  His reverie was disturbed
 when another man approached and asked, "Can I join you?"
         "What's the matter, maybe I'm, coming apart??"
 Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
 Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down
 A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
 It is a truly wise man who does not play leap frog with a unicorn.
 Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
 The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
 How can you work when the system's so crowded?
 HE WHO LAUGHS, LASTS.
 The best prophet of the future is the past.
 ONTOGENY RECAPITULATES PHILOGENY -- OR, IS THAT
 ONTOLOGY RECAPITULATES PHILOLOGY...???
 Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
 To be is to do.
                   I. Kant
 To do is to be.
                   J. P. Sartre
 Do be do be do.
                   F. Sinatra
  X
 E  DU DX  takes the place of normal sex!
  U
 E  DU DX  takes the place of normal sex!
 I do desire we may be better strangers.
 Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
 An asylum for the sane would be empty.
 Council for the defence was prepared to prove:  1) He shot in self defence,
 2) The police did it and stuck the gun in his hand, and 3) He was 100
 miles away when it happened.
 The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
 If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
 May you live all the days of your life.
 Never speak ill of yourself;  your friends will always say
 enough on that subject.
 Fleas can be taught nearly anything that a congressperson can.
 His money is twice tainted: 'taint yours and 'taint mine.
 Little nips of whiskey, little drops of gin,
 Make a lady wonder where on earth she's bin.
 Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheaper.
 Now I lay me back to sleep,
 The speaker's dull, the subject's deep.
 If he should stop before I wake,
 Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
 Los Angeles:  Seventeen suburbs in search of a city.
 How can I take an interest in my work when I don't like it?
 It's a useless but absolutely vital precaution.
 Speaking of poison, I'll see that you get some fresh breakfast immediately.

 Jay:  Did you hear the one about the Polish athelete who was so proud
 of his gold medal that he had it bronzed?
 Banacek:  No, how does it go?

 PARKINSON'S LAW:  Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
 PARKINSON'S LAW, MODIFIED: The junk you have will expand to fill the
 available space.
 THE PETER PRINCIPLE: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to
 his level of incompetence.
 CHEOPS' LAW: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
 MURPHY'S LAW: If something can go wrong, it will.
 WEILER'S LAW: Nothing is impossible for the man who does not have to do it
 himself.
 FINAGLE'S LAW: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it
 makes it worse.
 RUDIN'S LAW: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
 courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
 UNNAMED LAW: If it happens, it must be possible.
 CLARKE'S THIRD LAW: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
 indistinguishible from magic.
 GUMPERSON'S LAW: The outcome of a given desired probability will be inverse
 to the degree of desirability.
 (After a salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
 month than you had before.)
* (The more a recruit knows about a given subject, the better chance
* he has of being assigned to something else.)
 CUTLER WEBSTER'S LAW: There are two sides to every argument unless a
 man is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
 ALBRECHT'S LAW: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum
 tolerable well being.
 PATRICKS'S THEOREM: If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong
 equipment.
 SKINNER'S CONSTANT: (also Fynnegan's Finagling Factor) That quantity
 which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from
 the answer you got, gives the answer you should have gotton.
 HORNER'S FIVE THUMB POSTULATE: Experience varies directly with the
 equipment ruined.
 FLAOLE'S LAW OF THE PERVERSITY OF INANIMATE OBJECTS: Any inanimate object,
 regardless of its composition or configuration, may be expected
 to perform at any time - in a totally unexpected manner for reasons
 that are either entirely obscure or also completely mysterious.
 ALLEN'S AXIOM: When all else fails, read the instructions.
 THE SPARE PARTS PRINCIPLE: The accessability during recovery of small
 parts which fall from the workbench, varies directly with the size of
 the part, and inversely with its importance to the completion of the work
 underway.
 THE COMPENSATION COROLLARY: The experiment must be considered a success
 if  no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded
 to obtain a correspondence with theory.
 THE ORDERING PRINCIPLE: Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment
  must be ordered by no later than noon tomorrow.
 THE ULTIMATE PRINCIPLE: By definition, when you are investigating the
 unknown - you do not know what you will find.
 THE FUTILITY FACTOR: No experiment is ever a complete failure - it can always
 serve as a bad example.
 Why did the chicken cross the road half way?
 He wanted to lay it on the line.
 System stopping for 2 minutes, 1 minute ago.
 YOUR SUBSYSTEM HAS DIED.....
 Startrek makes your sterile
 NEW FORTRAN H EXTENDED - GO TO STATEMENTS ARE NOW ILLEGAL.
 SEE ASPNEWS FOR DETAILS.
 Allison's Precept
    The best simple-minded test of expertise in a particular area is
    the ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences
    in that area.
 Corollary to Anthony's Law
    On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first always
    strike your toes.
 Army Axiom
    Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.
 Axiom of the Pipe   (Trischmann's Paradox)
    A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something
    to stick in his mouth.
 Baker's Law
    Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.
 Barber's Laws of Backpacking
      The integral of the gravitational potential taken around
        any loop trail you choose to hike always comes out positive.
      Any stone in your boot always migrates against the
        pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
      The weight of your pack increases in direct proportion
        to the amount of food you consume from it.  If you
        run out of food, the pack weight goes on increasing anyway.
      The number of stones in your boot is directly
        proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.
 Backpacking -
      The size of each of the stones in your boot is directly
        proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.
      The remaining distance to your chosen campsite remains constant
        as twilight approaches.
      The net weight of your boots is proportional to the cube of the
        number of hours you have been on the trail.
      When you arrive at your chosen campsite, it is full.
 Forthoffer's Cynical Summary of Barzun's Laws
    1)  That which has not yet been taught directly can never
        be taught directly.
    2)  If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.
 Baxter's First Law
    Government intervention in the free market always leads to a
    lower national standard of living.
 Baxter's Second Law
    The adoption of fractional gold reserves in a currency system
    always leads to depreciation, devaluation, demonetization and,
    ultimately, to complete destruction of that currency.
 Baxter's Third Law
    In a free market good money always drives bad money out of
    circulation.
 Becker's Law
    It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
 Beifeld's Principle
    The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive
    young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already
    in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, and
    (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
 Bicycle Law
    All bicycles weigh 50 pounds:
         A 30-pound bicycle needs a 20-pound lock and chain.
         A 40-pound bicycle needs a 10-pound lock and chain.
         A 50-pound bicycle needs no lock or chain.
 Blaauw's Law
    Established technology tends to persist in spite of new
    technology.
 Booker's Law
    An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
 Boren's Laws
    1)  When in doubt, mumble.
    2)  When in trouble, delegate.
    3)  When in charge, ponder.
 Brien's First Law
    At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization,
    its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.
 Brook's Law
    Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
 Brown's Law of Business Success
    Our customer's paperwork is profit. Our own paperwork is loss.
 Bucy's Law
    Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
 Bustlin' Billy's Bogus Beliefs
    1)  The organization of any program reflects the organization
        of the people who develop it.
    2)  There is no such thing as a "dirty capitalist," only a
        capitalist.
    3)  Anything is possible, but nothing is easy.
    4)  Capitalism can exist in one of only two states --
        welfare or warfare.
    5)  I'd rather go whoring than warring.
    6)  History proves nothing.
 Bye's First Law of Model Railroading
    Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults
    is proportional to the number of viewers.
 Bye's Second Law of Model Railroading
    The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional
    to the decline of the prototype.
 Cahn's Axiom
    When all else fails, read the instructions.
 Camp's Law
    A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.
 Canada Bill Jones' Motto
    It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
 Canada Bill Jones' Supplement
    A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
 Cheop's Law
    Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
 Chisholm's Law of Human Interaction
    Anytime things appear to be going better you have overlooked
    something.
 Chisholm's Third Law
    Proposals, as understood by the proposer,
    will be judged otherwise by others.
    Corollary 1:  If you explain so clearly that nobody can
                  misunderstand, somebody will.
    Corollary 2:  If you do something which you are sure will meet
                  with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
    Corollary 3:  Procedures devised to implement the purpose
                  won't quite work.
 Churchill's Commentary on Man
    Man will occasionally stumble over the truth but most of the
    time he will pick himself up and continue on.
I STOPPED HERE -------------------------
 Clarke's First Law
    When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something
    is possible, he is almost certainly right.  When he states that
    something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
 Clarke's Second Law
    The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go
    beyond them into the impossible.
 Clarke's Third Law
    Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
    magic.
 Clarke's Law of Revolutionary Ideas
    Every revolutionary idea - in Science, Politics, Art or Whatever -
    evokes three stages of reaction.  They may be summed up by the
    three phrases:
      1)  "It is completely impossible -- don't waste my time."
      2)  "It is possible, but it is not worth doing."
      3)  "I said it was a good idea all along."
 Cohen's Law
    What really matters is the name you succeed in imposing on the
    facts -- not the facts themselves.
 Cole's Law
    Thinly sliced cabbage.
 Commoner's Three Laws of Ecology
    1)  No action is without side-effects.
    2)  Nothing ever goes away.
    3)  There is no free lunch.
 Cook's Law
    Much work -- much food, little work -- little food,
    no work -- burial at sea.
 Cornuelle's Law
    Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
 Crane's Law   (Friedman's Reiteration)
    There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
 Diogenes' First Dictum
    The more heavily a man is supposed to be taxed, the more power
    he has to escape being taxed.
 Diogenes' Second Dictum
    If a taxpayer thinks he can cheat safely, he probably will.
 Dow's Law
    In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the
    greater the confusion.
 Dunne's Law
    The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation.
 Ehrman's Corollary to Ginsberg's Theorem
    1)  Things will get worse before they get better.
    2)  Who said things would get better.
 Ettorre's Observation
    The other line moves faster.
 Evan's Law of Politics
    When team members are finally in a position to help the team,
    it turns out they have quit the team.
 Everitt's Form of the Second Law of Thermodynamics
    Confusion (entropy) is always increasing in society.  Only if
    someone or something works extremely hard can this confusion be
    reduced to order in a limited region.  Nevertheless, this effort
    will still result in an increase in the total confusion of
    society at large.
 Extended Epstein-Heisenberg Principle
    In an R & D orbit, only 2 of the existing 3 parameters can be
    defined simultaneously.  The parameters are: task, time and
    resources ($).
 Farber's First Law
    Give him an inch and he'll screw you.
 Farber's Second Law
    A hand in the bush is worth two anywhere else.
 Farber's Third Law
    We're all going down the same road in different directions.
 Farber's Fourth Law
    Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.
 The Fifth Rule
    You have taken yourself too seriously.
 Finagle's First Law
    If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
 Finagle's Second Law
    No matter what result is anticipated, there will always be
    someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe
    it happened to his own pet theory.
 Finagle's Third Law
    In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
    beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.
    Corollary 1:  No one whom you ask for help will see it.
    Corollary 2:  Everyone who stops by with unsought advice
                  will see it immediately.
 Finagle's Fourth Law
    Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only
    makes it worse.
 Finagle's Rules
     In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
     Experiments should be reproducible.  They should all
     fail in the same way.
     Do not believe in miracles.  Rely on them.
 First Law of Bicycling
    No matter which way you ride it's uphill and against the wind.
 First Law of Bridge
    It's always the partner's fault.
 First Law of Canoeing   (Alfred Andrews' Canoeing Postulate)
    No matter which direction you start it's always against the
    wind coming back.
 First Law of Debate
    Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.
 First Law of Office Holders
    Get re-elected.
 Fitz-Gibbon's Law
    Creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved
    with the broth.
 Flap's Law
    Any inanimate object, regardless of its position or
    configuration, may be expected to perform at any time in a
    totally unexpected manner for reasons that are either entirely
    obscure or else completely mysterious.
 Fortis' Three Great Lies of Life
    1)  Money isn't everything.
    2)  It's great to be a Negro.
    3)  I'm only going to put it in a little way.
 Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives
    No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly
    wanted to keep.
 Franklin's Rule
    Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall not be
    disappointed.
 Gilb's Laws of Unreliability
    1)  Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
        Corollary:  At the source of every error which is blamed on the
                    computer you will find at least two human errors,
                    including the error of blaming it on the computer.
    2)  Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
 Ginsberg's Theorem
    1)  You can't win.
    2)  You can't break even.
    3)  You can't even quit the game.
 Golden Rules of Indulgence
    Everything in excess!  To enjoy the full flavor of life, take
    big bites.  Moderation is for monks.  Yield to temptation; it may
    never pass your way again.
 Gray's Law of Programming
    n+1 trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
    time as n trivial tasks.
 Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law of Programming
    n+1 trivial tasks take twice as long as n trivial tasks.
 Gresham's Law
    Trivial matters are handled promptly; important matters are never
 solved.
 Whenver possible blame the hardware.
 Grosch's Law
    Computing power increases as the square of the cost.  If you
    want to do it twice as cheaply, you have to do it four times
    as fast.
 Gummidge'e Law
    The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the
    number of statements understood by the general public.
 Gumperson's Law
    The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to
    its desirability.
 Hacker's Law of Personnel
    Anyone having supervisory responsibility for the completion of a
    task will invariably protest that more resources are needed.
 Hagerty's Law
    If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get
    rich or famous or both.
 Haldane's Law
    The Universe is not only queerer than we imagine;
    it is queerer than we CAN imagine.
 Harper's Magazine's Law
    You never find an article until you replace it.
 Hartley's First Law
    You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to
    float on his back you've got something.
 Hartley's Second Law
    Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
 Harvard Law
    Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
    temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
    organism will do as it damn well pleases.
 Heller's Law
    The first myth of management is that it exists.
 Hendrickson's Law
    If a problem causes many meetings, the meetings eventually become
    more important than the problem.
 Hoare's Law of Large Programs
    Inside every large program is a small program struggling
    to get out.
 Horner's Five Thumb Postulate
    Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
 Howard's First Law of Theater
    Use it.
 Howe's Law
    Every man has a scheme that will not work.
 Hull's Theorem
    The combined pull of several patrons is the sum of their
    separate pulls multiplied by the number of patrons.
 IBM Pollyanna Principle
    Machines should work.  People should think.
 Imhoff's Law
    The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank
    -- the REALLY big chunks always rise to the top.
 Iron Law of Distribution
    Them what has - gets.
 Italian Proverb
    She who is silent consents.
 Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Governments
    No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the
    legislature is in session.
 Jay's Laws of Leadership
    1)  Changing things is central to leadership,
        and changing them before anyone else is creativeness.
    2)  To build something that endures, it is of the greatest
        importance to have a long tenure in office -- to rule for
        many years.  You can achieve a quick success in a year or
        two, but nearly all of the great tycoons have continued
        their building much longer.
 Jenkinson's Law
    It won't work.
 John Cameron's Law
    No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered,
    take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
 John's Axiom
    When your opponent is down, kick him.
 John's Collateral Corollary
    In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
 Johnson's Corollary to Heller's Law
    Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within your
    organization.
 Johnson's First Law of Auto Repair
    Any tool dropped while repairing an automobile will roll
    under the car to the vehicle's exact geographic center.
 Johnson-Laird's Law
    Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.
 Jones' Law
    The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought
    of someone he can blame it on.
 Jones' Motto
    Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
 Kamin's First Law
    All currencies will decrease in value and purchasing power
    over the long term, unless they are freely and fully convertable
    into gold and that gold is traded freely without restrictions of
    any kind.
 Kamin's Second Law
    Threat of capital controls accelerates marginal capital
    outflows.
 Kamin's Third Law
    Combined total taxation from all levels of government will
    always increase (until the government is replaced by war or
    revolution).
 Kamin's Fourth Law
    Government inflation is always worse than statistics indicate;
    central bankers are biased toward inflation when the money unit is
    non-convertible, and without gold or silver backing.
 Kamin's Fifth Law
    Purchasing power of currency is always lost far more rapidly
    than ever regained.  (Those who expect even fluctuations in both
    directions play a losing game.)
 Kamin's Sixth Law
    When attempting to predict and forcast macro-economic moves or
    economic legislation by a politician, never be misled by what he
    says; instead watch what he does.
 Kamin's Seventh Law
    Politicians will always inflate when given the opportunity.
 Katz's Law
    Men and nations will act rationally when all other
    possibilities have been exhausted.
 Kerr-Martin Law
    1)  In dealing with their OWN problems, faculty members are the
        most extreme conservatives.
    2)  In dealing with OTHER people's problems, they are the
        world's most extreme liberals.
 Kirkland's Law
    The usefulness of any meeting is in inverse proportion to
    the attendance.
 Kitman's Law
    Pure drivel tends to drive off the TV screen ordinary
    drivel.
 Lani's Principles of Economics
    1)  Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
    2)  $100 placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200
        years will increase to more than $100,000,000 by which time it
        will be worth nothing.
    3)  In God we trust, all others pay cash.
 La Rochefoucauld's Law
    It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be
    deceived by them.
 Law of Communications
    The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
    between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area
    of misunderstanding.
 Law of Computability Applied to Social Science
    If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
 Law of Selective Gravity   (The Buttered Side Down Law)
    An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
 Law of the Perversity of Nature   (Mrs. Murphy's Corollary)
    You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of
    the bread to butter.
 Law of Superiority
    The first example of superior principle is always inferior
    to the developed example of inferior principle.
 Laws of Computerdom According to Golub
    1)  Fuzzy project objectives are used to avoid the embarrassment
        of estimating the corresponding costs.
    2)  A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to
        complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take
        only twice as long.
    3)  The effort required to correct course increases geometrically
        with time.
    4)  Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
        vividly manifests their lack of progress.
 Laws of Computer Programming
    1)  Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
    2)  Any given program costs more and takes longer.
    3)  If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
    4)  If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
    5)  Any given program will expand to fill all available
        memory.
    6)  The value of a program is proportional to the weight
        of its output.
 Laws of Gardening
    1)  Other people's tools work only in other people's yards.
    2)  Fanzy gizmos don't work.
    3)  If nobody uses it, there's a reason.
    4)  You get the most of what you need the least.
 Le Chatelier's Law
    If some stress is brought to bear on a system in equilibrium,
    the equilibrium is displaced in the direction which tends to
    undo the effect of the stress.
 Les Miserables Metalaw
    All laws, whether good, bad, or indifferent, must be
    obeyed to the letter.
 Long's Notes
    1)  Always store beer in a dark place.
 Lord Falkland's Rule
    When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not
    to make a decision.
 Lowery's Law
    If it jams -- force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
 Malek's Law
    Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
 Malinowski's Law
    Looking from far above, from our high places of safety in
    the developed civilization, it is easy to see all the crudity and
    irrelevance of magic.
 Dean Martin's Definition of Drunkenness
    You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
 Martin-Berthelot Principle
    Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item,
    the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate
    the greatest amount of hot air.
 Match's Maxim
    A fool in a high station is like a man on the top of a high mountain:
    everything appears small to him and he appears small to everybody.
 Matsch's Law
    It is better to have a horrible ending than to have horrors
    without end.
 McClaughry's Codicil on Jone's Motto
    To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
 McClaughry's Law of Zoning
    Where zoning is not needed, it will work perfectly;
    where it is desperately needed, it always breaks down.
 McGoon's Law
    The probability of winning is inversely proportional to
    the amount of the wager.
 McNaughton's Rule
    Any argument worth making within the bureaucracy must be
    capable of being expressed in a simple declarative sentence that
    is obviously true once stated.
 H. L. Mencken's Law
    Those who can -- do.
    Those who cannot -- teach.
    Those who cannot teach -- administrate.  (Martin's extension)
 Merrill's First Corollary
    There are no winners in life; only survivors.
 Merrill's Second Corollary
    In the highway of life, the average happening is of about as
    much true significance as a dead skunk in the middle of the road.
 Meskimen's Law
    There's never time to do it right, but always time to
    do it over.
 Michehl's Theorem
    Less is more.
 Pastore's Comment on Michehl's Theorem
    Nothing is ultimate.
 Miller's Law
    You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step into it.
 Mobil's Maxim
    Bad regulation begets worse regulation.
 Murphy's First Law
    Nothing is as easy as it looks.
 Murphy's Second Law
    Everything takes longer than you think.
 Murphy's Third Law
    In any field of scientific endeavor, anything that can go
    wrong will go wrong.
 Murphy's Fourth Law
    If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
    the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to
    go wrong.
 Murphy's Fifth Law
    If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
 Murphy's Sixth Law
    If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which
    a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way,
    unprepared for, will promptly develop.
 Murphy's Seventh Law
    Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
 Murphy's Eighth Law
    If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously
    overlooked something.
 Murphy's Ninth Law
    Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
 Murphy's Tenth Law
    Mother nature is a bitch.
 Murphy's Eleventh Law
    It is impossible to make anything foolproof because
    fools are so ingenious.
 Murphy's Law of Thermodynamics
    Things get worse under pressure.
 Newton's Little-known Seventh Law
    A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
 Nienberg's Law
    Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
 Ninety-ten Rule of Project Schedules
    The first ninety percent of the task takes ten percent
    of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety
    percent.
 O'Brien's Principle   (The $357.73 Theory)
    Auditors always reject any expense account with a bottom line
    divisible by 5 or 10.
 Oeser's Law
    There is a tendency for the person in the most powerful
    position in an organization to spend all his time serving
    on committees and signing letters.
 Ordering Principle
    Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment must
    be ordered no later than tomorrow noon.
 Osborn's Law
    Variables won't, constants aren't.
 O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws
    Murphy was an optimist.
 Pardo's Postulates
    1)  Anything good is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
    2)  The three faithful things in life are money, a dog, and
        an old woman.
    3)  Don't care if you're rich or not, as long as you can live
        comfortably and have everything you want.
 Pareto's Law   (The 20/80 Law)
    20% of the customers account for 80% of the turnover,
    20% of components account for 80% of the cost, and
    so forth.
 Parker's Rule of Parlimentary Procedure
    A motion to adjourn is always in order.
 Parker's Law of Political Statements
    The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its
    credibility and vice versa.
 Parkinson's First Law
    Work expands to fill the time available for its completion;
    the thing to be done swells in perceived importance and
    complexity in a direct ratio with the time to be spent in
    its completion.
 Parkinson's Second Law
    Expenditures rise to meet income.
 Parkinson's Third Law
    If there is a way to delay an important decision the good
    bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
 Parkinson's Fourth Law
    The number of people in any working group tends to increase
    regardless of the amount of work to be done.
 Parkinson's Law of Delay
    Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
 Pastore's Truths
    1)  Even paranoids have enemies.
    2)  This job is marginally better than daytime TV.
    3)  On alcohol: four is one more than more than enough.
 Peckham's Law
    Beauty times brains equals a constant.
 Peer's Law
    The solution to a problem changes the problem.
 Peter Principle
    In every hierarchy, whether it be government or business, each
    employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence; every post
    tends to be filled by an employee incompetent to execute its
    duties.
 Peter's Corollaries
    1)  Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
    2)  Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet
        reached their level of incompetence.
    3)  If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
 Peter's Inversion
    Internal consistency is valued more highly than efficiency.
 Peter's Paradox
    Employees in a hierarchy do not really object to incompetence
    in their colleagues.
 Peter's Perfect People Palliative
    Each of us is a mixture of good qualities and some (perhaps)
    not-so-good qualities.  In considering our fellow people we
    should remember their good qualities and realize that their
    faults only prove that they are, after all, human.  We should
    refrain from making harsh judgements of people just because
    they happen to be dirty, rotten, no-good sons-of-bitches.
 Peter's Placebo
    An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
 Peter's Theorem
    Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
 Potter's Law
    The amount of flak received on any subject is inversely
    proportional to the subject's true value.
 Productivity Equation
    The productivity, P, of a group of people is:
         P = N x T x (.55 - .00005 x N x (N - 1) )
    where N is the number of people in the group
    and T is the number of hours in a work period.
 Professor Gordon's Rule of Evolving Bryographic Systems
    While bryographic plants are typically encountered in
    substrata of earthy or mineral matter in concreted state,
    discrete substrata elements occasionally display a roughly
    spherical configuration which, in presence of suitable
    gravitational and other effects, lends itself to combined
    translatory and rotational motion.  One notices in such cases
    an absence of the otherwise typical accretion of bryophyta.
    We therefore conclude that a rolling stone gathers no moss.
 Pudder's Law
    Anything that begins well ends badly.
    Anything that begins badly ends worse.
 Puritan's Law
    Evil is live spelled backwards.
 Puritan's Second Law
    If it feels good, don't do it.
 Q's Law
    No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a North Sea
    (oil) field, the cost of the remainder of the project remains
    the same.
 Rangnekar's Modified Rules Concerning Decisions
    1)  If you must make a decision, delay it.
    2)  If you can authorize someone else to avoid a decision, do so.
    3)  If you can form a committee, have them avoid the decision.
    4)  If you can otherwise avoid a decision, avoid it immediately.
 Rayburn's Rule
    If you want to get along, go along.
 Riddle's Constant
    There are coexisting elements in frustration phenomena which
    separate expected results from achieved results.
 Ross' Law
    Never characterize the importance of a statement in advance.
 Rudin's Law
    In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
    courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
 Rule of Accuracy
    When working toward the solution of a problem it always
    helps if you know the answer.
 Sam's Axiom
    1)  Any line, however short, is still too long.
    2)  Work is the crabgrass of life, but money is the water
        that keeps it green.
 Sattinger's Law
    It works better if you plug it in.
 Segal's Law
    A man with one watch knows what time it is;
    a man with two watches is never sure.
 Sevareid's Law
    The chief cause of problems is solutions.
 Shalit's Law
    The intensity of movie publicity is in inverse ratio to the
    quality of the movie.
 Shanahan's Law
    The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of
    people present.
 Shaw's Principle
    Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
    want to use it.
 Simmon's Law
    The desire for racial integration increases with the square
    of the distance from the actual event.
 Simon's Law
    Everything put together sooner or later falls apart.
 Skinner's Constant   (Flannegan's Finagling Factor)
    That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
    or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer
    you should have gotten.
 Snafu Equations
    1)  Given any problem containing n equations, there will be
        n + 1 unknowns.
    2)  An object or bit of information most needed, will be
        least available.
    3)  Any device requiring service or adjustment will be least
        accessible.
    4)  Interchangable devices won't.
 Sociology's Iron Law of Oligarchy
    In every organized activity, no matter the sphere,
    a small number will become the oligarchial leaders
    and the others will follow.
 Spare Parts Principle
    The accessibility, during recovery of small parts which fall
    from the work bench, varies directly with the size of the
    part and inversely with its importance to the completion of
    work underway.
 Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy
    Everyone should believe in something -- I believe I'll have
    another drink.
 Sturgeon's Law
    90 per cent of everything is crud.
 Swipple Rule of Order
    He who shouts loudest has the floor.
 Terman's Law
    There is no direct relationship between the quality of
    an educational program and its cost.
 Terman's Law of Innovation
    If you want a track team to win the high jump
    you find one person who can jump seven feet,
    not seven people who can jump one foot.
 Theory of the International Society of Philosophic Engineering
    In any calculation, any error which can creep in will.
 Thoreau's Law
    If you see a man approaching with the obvious intent
    of doing you good,  run for your life.
 Transcription Law
    The number of errors made is equal to the number of 'squares'
    employed.
 Truman's Law
    If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
 Truths of Management
    1)  Think before you act; it's not your money.
    2)  All good management is the expression of one great idea.
    3)  No executive devotes effort to proving himself wrong.
    4)  Cash in must exceed cash out.
    5)  Management capability is always less than the
        organization actually needs.
    6)  Either an executive can do his job or he can't.
    7)  If sophisticated calculations are needed to justify an
        action, don't do it.
 Truth 5.1 of Management
    Organizations always have too many managers.
    10) The easiest way of making money is to stop losing it.
 Tuccille's First Law of Reality
    Industry always moves in to fill an economic vacuum.
 Vail's Axiom
    In any human enterprise, work seeks the lowest hierarchial level.
 Vique's Law
    A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
 Vonnegut's Corollary
    Beauty may be only skin deep, but ugliness goes right to the core.
 Weaver's Law
    When several reporters share a cab on an assignment, the
    reporter in the front seat pays for all.
 Weaver's Corollary   (Doyle's Corollary)
    No matter how many reporters share a cab, and no matter who
    pays, each puts the full fare on his own expense account.
 Weber-Fechner Law
    The least change in stimulus necessary to produce a perceptible
    change in response is proportional to the stimulus already existing.
 Weiler's Law
    Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to
    do it himself.
 Weinberg's Law
    If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
    then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy
    civilization.
 Weinberg's Corollary
    An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
    while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
 Westheimer's Rule
    To estimate the time it takes to do a task:  estimate
    the time you think it should take, multiply by 2, and change
    the unit of measure to the next highest unit.  Thus we allocate
    2 days for a one hour task.
 White's Chappaquidick Theorem
    The sooner and in more detail you announce bad news, the better.
 White's Observations of Committee Operation
    1)  People very rarely think in groups;
        they talk together, they exchange information, they adjudicate,
        they make compromises.
        But they do not think; they do not create.
    2)  A really new idea affronts current agreement.
 White's Statement
    Don't lose heart...
 Owen's Comment on White's Statement
    ...they might want to cut it out...
 Byrd's Addition to Owen's Comment on White's Statement
    ...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.
 Wiker's Law
    Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
 Wolf's Law    (An Optimistic View of a Pessimistic World)
    It isn't that things will necessarily go wrong (Murphy's Law),
    but rather that they will take so much more time and effort than you
    think if they are not to go wrong.
 Worker's Dilemma Law   (or Management's Put-Down Law)
    1)  No matter how much you do, you'll never do enough.
    2)  What you don't do is always more important than what
        you do do.
 Wynne's Law
    Negative slack tends to increase.
 Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving System Dynamics
    Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them
    is to use a larger can.  (Old worms never die, they just worm their
    way into larger cans).
 Zymurgy's Law on the Availability of Volunteer Labor
    People are always available for work in the past tense.
 Zymurgy's Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws
    When it rains, it pours.
 Murphy's Laws of Thermodynamics:
    1) You can't win
    2) You can't break even
    3) You can't get out of the game
 Murphy's Law of Selective Gravitation
    An object will alway fall where it can do the most damage.
 Murphy's Law of Physics
    A paritcle will always appear where it shouldn't.
 Murphy's law of the Lab
    You will never have the part you need, and will always have 10
    of every part you don't need.
    Given the need for a resistor of M ohms, and N resistors of
    values K1 to Kn, there will be no way to combine them to = M
 Your files will always expand to fill the available tracks.
 The system will always crash when you are over your track limit,
 and have been editing for the last 3 hours.
 There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the
 bull by the tail and face the situation -- W. C. Fields
 A man's reach should exceed his grasp.
 A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
 Haste makes waste.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Above all, to thine own self be true.
 When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
 It is never too late to learn.
 You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
 Good things come in small packages.
 The bigger, the better.
 There is no point in beating a dead horse.
 If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Act in haste, repent at leisure.
 (Look before you leap.)
 Two is company, three is a crowd.
 The more, the merrier.
 ...do it well or not at all.
 Half a loaf is better than none.
 Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
 Better safe than sorry.
 Never judge a book by its cover.
 Clothes make the man.
 Out of sight, out of mind.
 Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
 Many hands make light work.
 Too many cooks spoil the broth.
 Never send a boy to do a man's job.
 ...and a little child shall lead them.
 Actions speak louder than words.
 The pen is mightier than the sword.
 Never change horses in mid-stream.
 Variety is the spice of life.
 Silence is golden.
 The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
 Practice makes perfect.
 All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
 A penny saved is a penny earned.
 The love of money is the root of all evil.
 There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid
 the real labor of thinking.
 Be kindly affectionated one to another
 It's much easier to ride a horse the way he is going.
 Belladonna: In Italian, a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison.
 A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.
 (A. Bierce)
 Bigot: One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion
 that you do not entertain. (A. Bierce)
 Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.  (A. Bierce)
 Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and
 as wise as a man's head.  (A. Bierce)
 Clairvoyant: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing
 that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.
 (A. Bierce)
 Education: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the
 foolish their lack of understanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Inventor:  A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels,
 levers and springs, and believes it civilization.  (A. Bierce)
 Logic:  The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with
 the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Mayonnaise:  One of the sauces which serve the French in place of
 a state religion.  (A. Bierce)
 Optimism:  The doctrine that everything is beautiful, including what
 is ugly, everything good, especially the bad, and everything right that
 is wrong. ... It is hereditary, but fortunately not contagious. (A. Bierce)
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other
 bad habits.
 Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
 Natural laws have not pity.
 Never try to outstubborn a cat
 The only difference between the fool and the criminal who attacks
  a system is that the fool attacks unpredictably and
  on a broader front.
 Virtue is its own reward, but then so is sin!
 We're all bozos on this bus - Firesign Theater
 We're dumber than we look.
 Everything you know is wrong.
 Why does the porridge bird lay her egg in the air?
 You don't understand how radio works. All you have to do is
 fade your voice down and queue the organist.
 We have met the enemy and he is us. - Pogo
 Please engage brain before setting mouth into motion.
 Mumble.
 You don't need a weatherman to tell which way the wind blows. - Bob Dylan
 Nintey per cent of everything is Garbage. - P. Sturgeon
 There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to
   conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead
   in the introduction of a new order to things. - N. Machiavelli
 Let's look at the record. - Al Smith
 Non illigitum carburundum est. (Don't let the bastards grind you down)
 A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
 The confidence of ignorance will always overcome indecision of knowledge.
 One man's bug is another man's feature
 He who join nudist club pay no cover charge.
 Candy is dandy, but sex won't rot your teeth.
 Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
 Don't vote, it only encourages them.
 Vote for Harris, McCarthy and Prop 14.
